# Successful Attempt

Today, I did the normal schedule where I got up for about 5 minutes (not required that long) and went back to sleep with a 15 minute timer. I must've been in some sort of trance close to the end, but I wasn't awake a whole lot longer after the timer was up. I found myself becoming lucid after I realized we had two of the same radio in the basement. When going upstairs, I remembered what I wanted to try and the dream faded away. I acted like it didn't because I wanted to listen to music anyway and didn't need visuals. I ended up in sleep paralysis after it faded away. At the time it almost felt like a feeling I can get at any time. That was weird. I focused on maintaining awareness and crossing my eyes to increase intensity of vibrations. I noticed the buzzing in my head too. I wasn't focusing on breathing and about 30 seconds into it, I woke up. I remember it started feeling really intense right before finishing. I focused too much on something, whether it was taking over the visualizing of vibrations, or doing something too quickly while doing my eye crossing thing most of the time. I need to remember to allow things to happen and focus more on breathing and only cross eyes when vibrations are slow and disappearing, not slow and there. Breathing first, moving limbs if they feel like it, then eye crossing and while eye crossing, maintaining awareness through the breath. Sometimes a limb feels like moving, and it normally is fine, but lately I've been freaking out about it and possibly tensing up preventing it. I need to loosen myself and just let it happen. Those kind of things can get rid of worry and I think help not accidentally wake up from it. I think I do 15 minute timer regardless because it seems to be less likely to work if 10 minute timer and not sort of getting into trance before timer is up in that short time.
