# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I tried the same thing I've been trying for the past few days: a 15 minute timer and if sleep paralysis missed, target REM with an alarm and stay awake once it goes off. When I checked the sleep chart, I hardly had any deep sleep and it didn't look very promising. I went to bed a little late and knew this was possible. I decided to try anyway because I wasn't super tired but felt like I could fall asleep quickly anyway. I did end up having deep sleep according to the chart. I should've just waited a cycle. I usually go to bed at 1 something, but last night was 2 something, so it makes sense that it would happen an hour later. I think pretty soon I will adopt a system where I go to bed earlier and get up a little earlier as well. I set two alarms back to back so I would more likely remember waking up while I was in REM. Unfortunately, I failed to target it right. I was in light sleep during that time.

I've been thinking about maybe trying Lucid Hole again, just to target REM. I don't have to turn it on until I need it! I was also thinking of maybe using the interval timer on the exercise app on my Fitbit because I could have it go off every 15 seconds or so and keep my mind awake with that. If my body was relaxed, it shouldn't care about what's happening because I deliberately ignored an alarm during sleep paralysis November 14 last year and my body stayed asleep while the mind was awake. Similar thing here, but more subtle and for maintaining awareness. I feel like it would be a lot of set up, but I'm going to try it maybe tomorrow. When I get time, I will modify my app so I can use it as a timer that goes off for five seconds, then 15 second intervals automatically after that for staying awake as I have REM rebound. The interval timer is the best alternative for now. For my last cycle, I did the dream recall method with recalling details from previous dreams today as I drifted back to sleep because it make the next one much more vivid.

Tomorrow, I will try the 15 minute timer, but then get up for a little afterwards because I haven't done that for a while. Earlier when I was doing 10 + 10 thing, I wasn't really having any REM during that cycle, but I have been again lately. I think that's what will make it work tomorrow. I will then try targeting REM the cycle after that maybe.
