# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I tried using the app Lucid Hole on my Fitbit so I could wake up directly from a REM cycle sometime after 7. I definitely didn't want to do something too early with the chance of having deep sleep. Unfortunately, I don't remember it going off. I did notice that close to 8 on the sleep chart, I had REM, then there was a point where I had light sleep for 4 minutes, then back to REM. I'm thinking that's where it would've woken me up. I don't remember that though. I'm starting to think Lucid Hole isn't the best option for that. I think if I'm going to time my REM, I will do it based on an alarm estimation. I notice a general pattern for when REM happens or when my smart alarm goes off based on when I go to bed. If I have a smart alarm going off a day I went to bed at 1:20, going to bed at 1:30 the next night causes it go to off around 10 minutes later the next night. It tends to be pretty consistent like that. I could maybe time my REM cycle in a similar way. People have been known to do that before, so it's not as uncommon as one would think. If I went to bed at let's say 1:30 like last night, I'm likely to have REM around 6:40, so that would be a good time to hopefully target REM for REM rebound. We'll see how well that ends up working! I might try it tomorrow. If I go to bed a little after 1, I think 6:40 would be a good target time. I'm going to have multiple alarms during that time to make sure I remember it happening. By the way, I went to bed around 1:30, not 3:30. I woke up where I acted out in my sleep around 2:30. I thought something fell underneath my bed and I was looking for whatever it was. It was just a non-REM dream. It took awhile to get to sleep last night because I wasn't ready mentally. The first couple of hours were screwed up, so I might have had more deep sleep than reported. I tried getting the first hours, but it did the basic sleep chart and it reported asleep for most of it. I usually exercise when I'm done doing mentally stimulating things, but it didn't work out last night. I should've meditated to slow things down first maybe. I'm going to try to avoid that like I've been doing lately. 

I'm going to do the alarm snoozing thing during that time. I'm sure there would be a way to directly go back to sleep, but I'm looking for sleep paralysis as a direct way to enter a lucid dream, so I have to sort of mentally be awake. I'll do that by setting alarms after I wake up during that time. I will hope for the best then. Back to today. I had an alarm set for 8:30 in case I miss it somehow, which I did! I got up a for a little during that time. I got to the point where I thought I would get up for the day, but I noticed I woke up directly from REM, so I decided to try the alarm thing with REM rebound. I was awake for awhile, so I was questioning my ability to fall asleep. I remember thinking of how much later it was, but I remembered falling asleep around that time. It was hard to tell for sure though, but it definitely felt like it happened. That's what happens if you're very awake mentally and why I can catch sleep paralysis sometimes too. Anyway, I tried one more time and had a dream and missed it. When I woke up, I did have a bit of the buzzing in my head like twice within a second. I had it again like 5 seconds later. Even though I had just woken up, I decided to not move and see if it would continue. It didn't after like 30 seconds. That's when I got up for the day. I realized that if I miss a dream and have a short REM cycle, there's a chance I could go back into it very quickly, especially if I have the buzzing and maybe get it then. I will have to keep that in mind if I miss a dream. I know I was super close today. Maybe tomorrow. If my alarm goes off after I happen to enter REM, maybe I'll have REM rebound again and hopefully not miss it. I only had light sleep for 4 minutes after Lucid Hole happened before going back to REM, so if I could've kept my mind awake, maybe I wouldn't have missed it! Another thing to keep in mind.
