# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I ended up going to bed around the time I usually do unfortunately. I started playing around with music, which I haven't done for a while. Next thing I know, it's this late. I don't know how tonight will be as I will likely be hanging out with family via video chat at the end of the night. That's when things get late sometimes. The reason I was okay with going to bed when I was is because it was around the same time it has been the past couple days, even if not as early as I wanted. I didn't really exercise as much as I wanted, so some deep sleep happened a little later than planned. I still woke up with my natural alarm and I think it was around the same time as yesterday! I remember almost knowing exactly what it was going to be before looking at it. I got up to check my sleep chart. Then I started a 45 minute timer so I could try to have a WILD. I remember it going off and not really doing anything about it. I think I fell asleep too quickly because I don't remember what happened. I very briefly remember the timer vibrating, but basically not responding to it. I think maybe for now (like tomorrow), I will focus on trying to get things a little more consistent before trying this. I think having deep sleep before doing this didn't really help that much either. I think fixing that and getting things more consistent will help.

While things are mixed up, I think it would make more sense to try getting it accidentally as I think it usually works best when things are mixed up in the first place. I just need to make sure I get around deep sleep or that could mess things up. I might try waking myself up a little later and keeping myself awake 10 minutes and catching myself in a trance at least a few times. Instead of let's say 10 + 10 like I usually do, I might try 20 + 10. That idea might be a good way of mixing things up to do it nearly every day as long as I had deep sleep relatively early. I could also do like 40 + 10 if I think deep sleep could happen. I think whatever happens, I will try to match tonight's bed time with tomorrow night when I actually try it for Lucid Dreaming Day, except maybe like 20 minutes earlier so I can maybe extend a REM cycle by about that much more if that's how it works. Just like there are two classifications of dreams: DILD and WILD, I believe there should be two classifications for sleep paralysis as well. I think there should be Wake Initiated Sleep Paralysis and Dream Initiated Sleep Paralysis. It's just like the concepts with the types of dreams, except with sleep paralysis. I technically had Wake Initiated Sleep Paralysis February 12th when I was sure I was awake the entire time and it very slowly started. All other 60+ times, it was a Dream Initiated Sleep Paralysis where the dream likely collapsed right before it. 

I think I had a lucid dream today. I remember doing telekinesis and I can't remember what else. It could have been summoning objects, controlling the weather, or treating objects roughly since I knew it was a dream and it didn't matter. I remember while doing that thinking about how stable the dream still is. Does that count as lucidity? I also remember thinking at one point about the fact I had things I wanted to try. I told myself how I miss doing what I already was and just kept doing that. I think it's possible it's low lucidity if any at all. I'm kind of surprised I had around 2 and a half hours of REM sleep. With what I did yesterday, I was thinking at least an hour and a half would be a miracle. Maybe my body was catching up a little.
