# Successful Attempt

I technically had sleep paralysis today even though it feels like it took place during a dream itself. Either the dream collapsed on me, or I went to sleep within the dream. I don't recall. Either way, I was in it maintaining awareness the entire time and successfully entering a dream! That's the first time I've been successful going through while maintaining awareness the whole year so far! I basically ended up in a dream that was just like where I had just come from, but I forgot I was dreaming within a minute! If it happens within a dream like that and I lose awareness, I need more sleep! My primary focus during sleep parlaysis was making sure I wasn't tensing up. That's literally all I did! When I had the feeling of my body tensing up unconsciously, I fixed it as quickly and effortlessly as I could. About 30 seconds into it when it feels like it stopped, I literally focused on making sure I didn't have tension build-up and it came back within a second. At least it felt that way. It's almost like I actually woke up and had REM rebound within 3 seconds! That would be incredible if that's what happened because it might be possible to do even if I accidentally woke up! I didn't do the eye crossing as far as I remember! I tried paying attention to the transition between sleep paralysis and a dream. I hardly remember the transition because it was so seamless! Actually, when I was in the dream, it felt like I had been dreaming for a while. My theories are either that's because it's from the dream I came from, or because I was already dreaming but couldn't see it until my body fully paralyzed itself. That would be crazy! I don't have evidence on this, but what if I was actually dreaming while in sleep paralysis, but I had to connect to it by going through sleep paralysis in a similar way I would connect to a remote desktop connection on a computer. Not sure if that's possible but it's a crazy thought!

The way it worked wasn't part of the plan. I woke up with a smart alarm and checked my sleep chart like usual. It looked similar to yesterday, but had about double the time, so I felt better about today. So glad I didn't have any more deep sleep! I then set a 15 minute timer after getting comfortable and I think I forgot to tell myself I would have sleep paralysis and try the REM rebound thing afterwards. I think while the 15 minute timer was going off, I had the buzzing in my head for just a split second. I wanted to see if sleep paralysis was starting, but I don't think it was. I had a dream in between that time but no sleep paralysis. I then did a 13 minute timer and told myself I would keep myself awake to see if I would have sleep paralysis then. I don't recall the 13 minute timer going off. I think next time, I will do an alarm that goes off 2 times in 2 minutes, so I'm more likely to remember. Then I would keep my mind awake for at least 5 minutes paying attention to the buzzing if I got REM rebound. I think even though I missed it like that, I ended up having sleep paralysis in the middle of the dream anyway. Not sure about the timing unfortunately. I had the sensation I was in my room, but it was also connected to some sort of gym with a pilates club or something like that. I felt like I was part of it! That's where it felt I came from and went back to when having sleep paralysis. The primary focus during sleep paralysis should be making sure tension isn't built up. Anything else, including focusing on breathing, can apparently wait according to what happened today. According to my sleep chart, I was in REM when the 13 minute timer went off, so I nailed it in that sense! I just need to remember it happening somehow. Maybe I need a stricter reminder before starting or multiple alarms so I'm less likely to miss it. It doesn't look like I even had 30 seconds of awake time when it went off. It almost looks like it could've happened the cycle I had the 15 minute timer. Hard to say. Will maybe try after going to bed earlier tonight.
