# Failed Attempt

I failed today, but today was somewhat interesting. Unfortunately, it ended up being around the average bed time again instead of around an hour earlier. I'm really going to try next week to fix that. I know the weekend will be messed up, so I won't put a lot of effort into trying to fix it at that moment, but it starts next week when things can be back normal. Today, I woke up with the smart alarm. I was super tired and could feel that my body was definitely seeking REM. I think I set my first alarm (meant to be timer, but multiple to avoid accidentally forgetting it) for about an hour. I had my first dream within that time and still had time left over. I'll have to see what things looked like so I can recognize if that could happen again and predict it, or maybe skip the first one or catch myself getting into trance like states. It took about an hour each time. I was way off. When trying to do the 10 + 10 method, I sort of did the 12 + 10 method, stayed awake more than I should have, and still had about 40 minutes of light sleep (37), which I'm sure made what I did ineffective. I noticed each time I woke up, I had the split-second sleep paralysis pulsing. Once it even happened twice within a second. No idea what was happening, but it was after I was dreaming. I guess it's a sign my body definitely wanted more REM.

I noticed during the cycle I did the 12 + 10 method, I really felt like going to sleep and didn't want to do it at all. Eventually, I woke myself up enough that I didn't really feel that way anymore. It took a little to go back to sleep, but would've probably taken around 30 seconds otherwise. I think if I feel that way at first and wake myself up more after, that's a sign I might have done everything correctly. It's just that REM happened much later than I thought and should've obviously planned more accordingly. I guess I will have to assume things will take around an hour now, slightly decreasing each cycle. I will try to have a regular WILD when performing this for at least 15 minutes as it could take a little while, but will be faster than just doing it from the very start. I think this is worth trying. I will try to stay awake by making sure I know that I'm attempting it. The first thing I do will be to make sure I'm breathing comfortably, then make sure there is no tension build-up, then remind myself to maintain awareness. Then I will focus on maintaining awareness through my breath and checking for when I get the split-second pulsing sensation. I will only let the fifteen minutes apply if absolutely nothing happens within that time. If it happens faster than that, then obviously that's better as long as I maintain awareness. If I give up, I will at least try to see if I can have a dream initiated sleep paralysis by catching myself when getting into a trance as that seems to help as well.
