# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I went to bed about an hour earlier than I have been on average lately (about 12:50 or 00:50). It didn't take a super long time to fall asleep. I did the usual breathing technique and stuff. I did have a NREM dream within the first hours where I once again thought I lost something that fell underneath the bed. I had anxiety about it going into an outlet or in the power strip under my bed, which is probably a hazard if you think about the things that could happen. Anyway, nothing was there and I went back into my bed from looking under the bed. I woke up with my smart alarm I believe (5 hours and 40 minutes after getting in bed). Can't remember when exactly. I checked my sleep chart and it only reported a basic one again! I honestly think I set a timer close to when I would typically have REM, and because I was pretty sure I didn't target REM after about a minute and a half, I decided to forget it. I casually tried again and missed every time I believe. The chart was still basic. I would consider today a break. I think tomorrow, I will try the 10 + 10 method and catch myself when I get into a trance after I keep my mind awake for 10 minutes at least 5 times. I also think I figured out why the sleep chart was doing that. I sort of reset the Fitbit app, which I did as part of troubleshooting. I ended up going into settings and noticed the heart rate data option was disabled. Even though I reset the app, my Fitbit itself was reporting no heart rate. I was going to shut off my Fitbit in the settings to restart it, but I noticed the heart option was disabled. I think that's what I bumped the other day when I was quickly scrolling through the settings to enable the developer bridge. It now reads heart rate properly, so I think it will continue to work now. I replied on the forum post about resetting the app where people said nothing worked. I explained this and all other heart rate related issues I've had in the past and their solutions in hopes that people can solve it using at least once of the things I mentioned.
