# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis twice today! I ended up going to bed around the same time as last night. Today is going to be messed up visiting family probably, but starting from that point, I think I'm going to try adjusting to getting to bed around 12:30 so that on days I have to get up early. I can maybe have two sleep cycles and get up a little earlier overall while still having a decent number of sleep cycles and stuff. Maybe I would do an additional cycle on days  I can sleep in more, but usually my first cycles with waking up naturally are the best ones. Today, I might consider the last one the best though. It was definitely something worth getting up for the day for! I studied quite a bit, so I was thinking I would have quite a lot of REM. If I didn't interrupt my sleep so much with what I'm attempting, I'm sure it would have been over 2 hours of REM had I not woken up from sleep paralysis! It felt like it could have been easy if I didn't wake myself so much. Anyway, I texted a friend since they texted so early in the morning and I still had a bit of time before my next REM would naturally happen. Then I eventually went back to bed and set an alarm for around 20 minutes I believe. I'm still doing the snoozing method to try waking up during a snooze to have REM rebound with a WILD maybe. I kept checking my phone and texting them between snoozes. By the way, that kind of thing seems to increase the chances of having sleep paralysis the way I usually do. I wouldn't overdo it though.

Anyway, I had a dream right before having sleep paralysis. Ironically, the dream involved talking to my brother about WILD vs DILD. We were talking about how there are so many ways to have either of them. I think around that time, I went back to sleep paralysis. I honestly wasn't expecting it to happen around that moment. I think if I remember correctly, it didn't feel like it was happening at first, but it felt like could eventually. That's where I feel like I have a split-second dizziness. I think that's why it felt like it was coming or something. Within a couple seconds of that, there it was! I decided to focus entirely on breathing comfortably and if I felt like I would wake up, I would act like it didn't and that it could come back while being really calm and stuff. It went on for a little longer than I thought. There were many times I thought it stopped and that I woke up. I stayed calm and kept telling myself it didn't stop. I continued to get the buzzing sensation for many split-seconds. I wonder if it did actually stop and over the course of 10 seconds, kept having the pulsing sensation for many split-seconds throughout. That was amazing how it kept coming back! Eventually, I think I must've gotten too excited for a split-second or something because I eventually woke up for real. I should've tried seeing if it would come back within the next minute since I would be awake for a long time anyway. I at least want a false awakening vs waking up so I can make it through and have the REM I deserve. I think I definitely prolonged it (before waking up accidentally) by doing that! I believe my alarm went off within 30 seconds from waking up from that. I don't remember having audio hallucinations yet or anything.

I decided to keep snoozing my alarm for a little, but starting after a half hour again since I knew I would be awake for a while. Around 9:45, I decided to just have a smart alarm for eventually waking up naturally for the day. Eventually, I had another dream that took place at home. It was very brief. I guess it eventually lead to sleep paralysis again! This was after I had given up, so I definitely wasn't expecting that even though I knew it was possible, though unlikely. This is probably one of the longest gaps of light sleep I've had where it still worked! My first thought this time was that I didn't care if I messed up this time since it was completely unplanned anyway. My thought process was the same as I had when taking my driver's license test. I was really nervous the night before. We also watched Fast & Furious ironically, so that helped (sarcasm). My attitude was it's okay if I fail, but I also focused on doing my best. That took a lot of pressure off! I passed the first time! That's the same attitude I will try to have during sleep paralysis. I must've naturally done that over the years when I entered a lucid dream from it nearly every time! I decided to try something I thought could help, but also possibly wake me up. I didn't care, so I excitedly tried this! I decided to try breathing deeper, but not slower than the comfortable rate I've been doing. Before I was focusing on breathing comfortably and not necessarily deeply. I noticed this time, the vibrations and I think the pulsing as well, were more intense from doing that! Even though I kept thinking I was going to wake up from inhaling so much, I didn't! I also feel like I have better control of my emotions the deeper I breathe like that. It's easy to do that if I'm lying on my side and not on my back when I'm potentially working against gravity. I don't get pressure on my chest unless I'm in sleep paralysis while lying on my back! Maybe a pro tip. Anyway, random audio hallucinations start coming out of nowhere probably close to 40 seconds in! I was kind of thinking about that and how distant it probably would be if it happened. It happened right at that moment! I was closer than I thought! There were many times I thought I would've woken up by now, but it felt very stable! The auditory hallucinations this time was kids laughing! I had a feeling it would've taken place at a birthday party! There was one kid that shouted YEAH! That happened to be what I was thinking at the moment about how far I made it and stuff, so I think my thought directly influenced that! I couldn't see anything yet, but that was cool either way! Unfortunately, I woke up then. I think I lost focus on my breathing and was focusing on the hallucination. It might've resulted in me holding my breath unconsciously, or I got really excited about the hallucinations. I also had a different, somewhat scary thought and wanted to see if that would influence the hallucination at all. I might've also gotten too carried away trying that too.

My thoughts during that last experience where quite sequential! First, I was thinking about how I didn't care if I messed up, so I tried the deeper and more intense breathing since I thought that could wake me up, but also maybe help. It definitely helped! During the times I really expected it to stop, I was thinking about how flawed the rollover signal is and how I was still able to trick my body this time! I'm obviously grateful about being able to trick my body like that, so this is a glitch in my body I love exploiting! I was constantly thinking about that until the hallucination started. Clearly, it didn't have an influence like my last couple experiences would have probably implied. I might have been waking up because I was breathing too little and not very deep at all. I was actually hardly breathing at all, but that's what felt comfortable at the time! Don't be afraid to breathe deeper at the same "comfortable" rate! I definitely had more control of my emotions by focusing on that! Don't just focus on your breathing; literally engage with it! I know it sucks to wake up, but just try that kind of stuff anyway, since this proved me wrong! An analogy I was thinking about while I was thinking about being able to trick my body is about signals being able to send from a distance. I was thinking about how nerves work. My understanding is that there is a little gap between certain pathways throughout the body, but the signal can still go through! I heard that if something with venom bites, it paralyzes the muscles because venom gets in those little gaps and thus blocks the signals. Anyway, I was thinking about how there is a little gap like that. I think what my analogy was alluding to is the distance between my conscious part of the brain vs the part responsible for paralyzing the muscle and what I think sends the rollover signal as a test. I don't think all parts of the brain are directly interconnected like a mesh network, but I think the rollover signal is how they effectively communicate. The reason I was thinking about that is the distance between my conscious brain and the part responsible for the body going to sleep while the mind is asleep is like the distance between nerve pathways like I was alluding earlier. If I have a thought affecting my emotions pretty good, it's like the signal made it between those two separated parts of the brain! When I breathe deeper, it's almost like the gap between those parts becomes a little bigger! It would be harder for the negative connotation to get through! I know that's kind of a weird analogy, but I think that's what could be happening. Not sure the evidence on that, but I think breathing deeper is like increasing the gap to a certain degree before overdoing it with breathing too deeply. Engage with breathing and stay calm instead of just focusing on breathing alone. Since I keep waking up, I will humor it while trying stuff that could help without worrying or caring if I wake up. It really does take a lot of pressure off and increases odds of success! I think when I had a false awakening like 5 times in a row prior to this week, I didn't really care if I messed up that time either! When I'm asleep, I don't care if I mess up because I'm not even aware, and it works perfectly every time then, so why not make it so while awake too?!
