# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I apologize the sleep chart is the basic kind. It was the kind I usually do at first, but sometimes after I get up and check it before starting the timer, I have to change the time range until I woke up for real. Doing that today made it like this for some reason. I can't go back unfortunately. I will try to at least take a screenshot on my phone before doing that. It'll be better than this. Anyway, I woke up naturally like with my smart alarm going off around 26 minutes before it would've gone off naturally. I got up, checked my phone, set a 12 minute timer, and went back to sleep. I remember randomly thinking it's going to take awhile but suddenly the timer went off. I got into a trance very quickly even though I was having technical difficulties checking my sleep chart at first. After the timer was up, I set another 8 minute timer and kept myself awake until it was done. I tried thinking of the plan with how I would handle sleep paralysis either if I get it while asleep, or if I get the buzzing after I wake up from a "missed" opportunity. I kept getting into a trance during that time. I didn't seem like it at first, but while I was thinking, my thoughts kept going elsewhere, which is a sign of getting into a trance and it shouldn't happen. My mind needs to be definitively awake while the 8 minute timer is happening. I should be able to think clearly without that stopping. If that happens at any point, I should wake myself more and maybe start the timer again. I should be able to try to go to sleep and easily be awake at least until the timer is off, even when trying to go to sleep. I'm going to do that with a 10 minute timer before and after tomorrow. It should actually take a while to go back to sleep, otherwise I may be too sleepy to get sleep paralysis. I fell asleep almost instantly after the timer was up and had a fairly vivid dream. 
