# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I ended up going to bed a little later. Wasn't too bad though. I was sort of expecting to have a little trouble falling asleep especially considering last night with the heat and stuff, but it wasn't an issue. I usually start out lying on my back until I get into a trance like state. Yesterday, I sort of thought it happened, so I went to my side, but I don't think it actually happened. I'm not going to rotate to my side until I can confirm I got into a trance like state. I need to remember lying on my back is increasing my ability to sleep because of tension build-up and it used to be worse before I started doing that. I also gently cross my eyes and close it about half way or whatever feels natural (just a little). When it closes on its own, I can keep it that way. It doesn't automatically mean I went into a trance. I should know for sure. Anyway, I naturally woke up before 7, so not with my smart alarm at all. The sleep chart worked this time as you can tell. I didn't realize how hard it would be to execute my idea. I've overlooked a few things. I will have time to try it out once tomorrow. I'm hoping for better luck. By the way, I found that doing things that increase REM help me sleep more, like forming unique memories and learning stuff, and avoiding jacking up my mind before bed. Yesterday, I bet I hardly had any REM. I probably had decent deep sleep, but in the morning, I could definitely tell it was light sleep. Not only exercising a little more to increase deep sleep earlier in the day, but also increasing REM can make a big difference in ability to sleep and dream in REM. 
