# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I tried to see if I could target my alarm so that it would go off during REM time around 6:40. I was clearly wrong. I didn't have REM at all during that hour. I haven't been getting a whole lot of REM lately, probably because I didn't do super mentally stimulating things, not even routine tasks that require a little decision making in the process. I remember being super tired, but I didn't have REM during that time and couldn't quite think clear enough of what I was doing. I think I did the alarms, but just didn't have REM. I feel like physical exercise helps with deep sleep, but mental exercise (including decision making) helps with REM sleep. I don't know that for sure, but it makes sense. Something I could try is waking myself up with a natural alarm and try targeting like 30 minutes just because I will then have REM. I had REM rebound as you can see before 8! Only 1 minute of light sleep! If I can be awake enough during that time, I could probably have sleep paralysis very quickly during that time. Lots of stuff to think about regarding how to do it. I think the trick is to mix up how to perform the method, try to get an ideal amount of deep sleep and REM too. Mixing it up could even include only doing it every other day or couple of days. That counts I think. Tomorrow, I will do the 15 minute timer without really worrying about waking up that much after. I think the alarm thing works best after having a bit of light sleep as I've said before.
