# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I went to bed relatively close to the nights before this. I'm really going to try going to bed even earlier yet! We'll see what happens. Anyway, I woke up with a smart alarm like almost a half hour before it was actually going to go off! That was kind of reassuring. I got up and checked my sleep chart, and it looked promising I wouldn't have deep sleep. I then got into bed to set a 15 minute timer. I decided to get comfortable before starting. I pretty much got into a trance and realized I hadn't hit start yet! I started it right at that moment. Unfortunately, I forgot to turn off my other alarms so about half way, they went off and possibly ruined the 15 minute timer thing. I still let it go and thought a little about dreaming afterwards. I must've not thought very hard because my sleep chart doesn't register the U shaped pattern and I don't really remember what I thought about, because I usually do. I remember having kind of a vivid dream though. Maybe thinking about stuff enough made them more vivid, or going to bed earlier, or both or something else.

When I woke up, I started my app, which currently has a 15 minute timer, buzzes twice within a second, pauses for 2, and repeats that 9 more times. I knew nearly right away it was my app! I think it's good that I made it distinct. Also, the button that I press out of habit doesn't stop it! Only the button I normally use to quit an app. I think I might eventually disable that too at least while the timer is going off, so I can't press any buttons out of habit and am forced to wake up from it! I definitely targeted REM properly because I remember what I was dreaming about when it went off! As the interval timer was going off, it buzzed for a second every 15 seconds and the first few times, I got startled by it every time! I'm definitely changing the type of vibration. If I wake up enough with the alarm, I don't need it to be intense! I think I will change it to what the exercise app does. The regular timer is good, but the interval timer buzzing is what I'm going to change. By the way, after I think the second interval buzz, I had a little of the buzzing in my head that I get during sleep paralysis. I think I got it right after the interval timer buzzed like 2 or 3 times! This is even after like 30 seconds after I tossed and turned! I didn't even toss and turn until the timer to wake me up has been vibrating for about 15 or 20 seconds! Falling asleep definitely won't be a problem even after getting comfortable again. I just need to do it with awareness. That's definitely a clue that I would've gotten right back into REM! I'm going to make it so the interval timer only goes off for maybe 5 minutes instead of 10 now. If I'm having REM rebound, I'm definitely going to do it within a couple minutes! I might even consider making the interval like 30 seconds. I will do 20 for now. I didn't end up falling asleep at all during the 10 minutes because the buzz startles me too much. Being awake enough will make that not necessary. Being sleepy will make things happen quickly, possibly too quickly to stay awake, but that's the idea of the interval timer, to keep my mind awake for this.

Another idea I have for later is to implement the idea of REM clues. It will buzz like Lucid Hole's REM clues feature. I will have that happen after the interval timer maybe like 3 times; once every 5 seconds; every 5 minutes. Basically, 15 seconds worth of clues every 5 seconds within the 15 seconds, every 5 minutes. It'll ultimately buzz 3 times every 5 minutes within a 15 second period. I'll have another version of the app just do that instead of waking me up during REM rebound in the first place. You know that I like sleep paralysis and entering a dream directly because it's an amazing process, so I will focus on that for now. I'm going to make a voice recording while I do that, so maybe I'll post it here, or being concerned about the space Github provides me, a link to it on my Google Drive. I'm going to be testing it for the next few days because next week, I plan on dedicating it to where I feel like I'm awake and asleep at the same time. It's one of the best ways for me to live in a non-dualistic world. I'm not taking sides, not even whether I'm awake or asleep! I'll describe it when that time comes. It's like what I did on February 19, but I'm going to do things to make it even more effective yet, like going to bed the same time Monday and Tuesday, but Monday I will get up early and Tuesday will involve sleeping more and doing the 10 + 10 timer thing with cardio before starting the second one. I still have a chance of achieving sleep paralysis while doing this as well! Looking forward to it, but also REM rebound!
