# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I tried doing the 15 minute timer this time. I woke up at around 3 or 3:30 in the morning and I remember physically getting out of bed. It was another one of those NREM dreams. I must've fallen asleep quickly after getting back to bed because I don't think Fitbit registered it and I don't remember much. When I got up to check my chart eventually, I couldn't believe how much REM I had. I also trusted that I had plenty of deep sleep too. I did! I set a 15 minute timer and didn't really wake myself much after that because I was sure I'd be awake for a little since I haven't done that for awhile. I must've fallen asleep very quickly. I need to monitor how quick I'm falling asleep. I should've probably had like a 5 or 10 minute timer for this. I think that's what I will start with tomorrow. When I realize I missed it, I tried the alarm thing, but I had dreams before either the first or second one went off. That was the case multiple times today. Where I had a huge light sleep chunk, I was awake a few times and possibly even within REM. I could've had REM rebound because I felt super tired; more than I do when I keep myself awake for awhile. Tomorrow, I will do 15 minute timer with keeping myself awake 5 minutes after. I didn't do a mantra or anything probably because I was too tired to remember. I will make an effort tomorrow though. I think taking a break for a couple days would actually be the best, but I want to try mixing it up doing it every day and see what I can figure out. I had LOTS of dreams though, which I liked just as much! 
