# Successful Attempt

This is probably the last day I had sleep paralysis before I discovered how to do it at will pretty much. I had no plans to lucid dream or anything this day. I had my alarm set for 9:30 and decided to snooze a couple times because it was the weekend. According to notes I wrote around that time, I had a strong urge to roll over, which I apparently didn't notice right away. I was thinking about how sleep paralysis could easily start at that moment. Within about 5 seconds, my body starts vibrating! To be honest, I think it was more of the brain pulsing sensation I felt at first, but it could have been tingling too. This was before I struggled with accidentally waking up and stuff nowadays (Mid-May). With the way it was starting, I was thinking about how I will accidentally mess it up (wake up) because I sort of had the feeling I, or my legs, were moving. Somehow, my body is still tricked into thinking my mind is asleep. It's my favorite exploit of myself. About 10 seconds into it, I can feel my Fitbit alarm vibrating! I was thinking, oh great, now that's going off. At the time, I wasn't really thinking a lot about how bizarre it is that it happened during sleep paralysis! I remembered at some point that I had snoozed just before this. I am now faced with a tough decision: do I wake up so I can stop it since it's annoying me, or do I ignore it and see if I can successfully enter a lucid dream without waking up from it? I think you know what I chose. I remembered that after about a minute, it stops itself, so I ignored it. I wanted to see if I could sleep through it consciously without it messing me up.

As I'm going through sleep paralysis, I'm thinking about how crazy it is that I haven't woken up from it yet! I would have woken up by now, right? The littlest movement would screw everything up I think. Anyway, about a minute into sleep paralysis, the dream finally manifested! The alarm is still going off! That's when I realized I hit snooze right before all this. Anyway, I turn it off in the dream hoping it will stop. The one in the dream stopped, but I took it off and could still feel it happening in the same corresponding position! I'm amazed I entered a lucid dream without waking up from this! Not only did this happen, but I also had a gag reflex towards the beginning and felt like my legs moved, but somehow I stayed in sleep paralysis! By the way, I believe this is also the day I had an audio hallucination of peaceful classical piano music as well! Either then, or sometime up to a couple months before this. I didn't really track that experience as far as I remember. Very interesting considering what little it takes for me to accidentally wake up these days! What happened this day is what I'm ultimately going for with my future sleep paralysis experiences! I had at least 20 or 30 experiences within 4 years where I successfully entered a lucid dream, so I know how it needs to be done, I just keep failing lately for some reason! Anyway, to the dream I had directly from it without really trying or anything!

I don't know if anyone else has had any experience like this. The dream it taking place at our family owned machine shop in the parking lot. I remembered that I have things I want to try in a lucid dream, but I couldn't think of any of them in that moment. I was literally just running and wandering around the lot aimlessly and eventually jump on the roof because I know I can jump high in a lucid dream. I made it and landed successfully! I also noticed around this time that my alarm stopped vibrating! I jumped off the roof because I knew I was dreaming and would be able to land just fine. I landed as if I had just jumped down one or two single stairs! I remember thinking that landing was satisfying. At least thinking about it now certainly is. It was really smooth and I know that wouldn't ever work out in waking life. Even parkour is rougher than this and may not involve this kind of height or direct drop from this height. I continue walking around from that and remember a saucy dream I had earlier that day and remembered I didn't get to do everything I wanted to try with that. I know it's the kind of thing that could cause me to wake up, but I had this immense confidence I wouldn't wake up from this, so I got everything set up so I could continue, but casually so I wouldn't get too emotionally involved and wake up. It didn't work, but suddenly, a bunch of people appear in the lot. I also did a reality check of plugging nose and mouth to breathe for the first time ever and it worked! Even though my nose and stuff was plugged, it felt like I was breathing elsewhere and not directly through a hole in the first place, in the same area! I am now in the garage area near shipping (at North Metro Saw, which can be seen on street view on Google Maps or Earth). My friend is there and I wanted to tell him that our family does in fact, own this business and this is what it looks like.

Eventually, another family member is there that I don't think has ever been there before. I currently work there by the way. A perk is I get to see family there and even eat with them sometimes. Anyway, I wanted to show them the finger palm push reality check. I remember it not working right away, but it eventually worked. I told them that despite what it looks like, it does not hurt. It actually feels like my finger is going through a sponge and my hand is a sponge. It doesn't hurt at all and actually feels kind of amazing when doing that! I told them I can do that because the world we are currently in, isn't real! I think that was around the time the dream ended. After waking up, it took about 30 seconds to realize that I literally entered a dream despite the fact my alarm went off during sleep paralysis at the same time!
At first, I was really tired when waking up, but thinking about what happened literally got me going right away! I must've had better control of my emotions back then, because they were always pretty null until I woke up! Now it happens during instead of after. I need to try getting that to happen again. I was recalling details and couldn't wait to tell other people what happened. I didn't end up telling anyone until about 3 or 4 days later. After the experience, I felt like I meditated for a while!

I decided to check the alarm and sure enough, it had 4 minutes until it was going to go off again since it auto-snoozed! I set multiple alarms starting at 9:30 and a little after. I think I snoozed at 9:39, quickly drifted into sleep just like normal and then this happened! According to my Fitbit chart, which I have here, I was in light sleep right before snoozing. I think sleep paralysis started around 9:46 or 47. It was pretty much right when I switched from light sleep to REM. Sleep paralysis started around 10 seconds before the alarm started going off and went on for about a minute. It would have been around 9:47 when sleep paralysis happened. Anyway, I noticed during that time when I get int oa trance and get an urge to roll over or any part of the rollover signal, I might be able to supposedly induce it by not moving a muscle, ignoring the urge, and thinking about my body start to vibrate, even though I haven't noticed vibrations lately. Instead of rolling over, I would see if sleep paralysis started. That's basically what happened every time, so I questioned why I didn't think of that until then. If I'm deep in a trance and have an urge to roll over, that might be pre-sleep paralysis, even if I'm not attempting a WILD or anything! I basically ramble about how I need to figure out how to make this happen on a normal basis. Even though I now lack the ability to do this successfully as some previous entries will also show, I now have the ability to pretty much do this at will! I'm looking forward to when I get both hopefully soon! Hopefully before the half-way point of this year! That's essentially what happened this day! I know my journal entries get long sometimes, but wait until I start entering a lucid dream, especially with a cycle more than 5-10 minutes like this!
