# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I went to bed late again. On top of that, I lost an hour due to daylight savings time. It was technically close to 3:30, which sucked. I visited family which made it worth it. I think I will take melatonin to get back on track again, especially with daylight savings time. Anyway, I set my alarm about an hour later than normal and didn't wake up naturally. I woke up with the second or third alarm I set in case I somehow don't remember doing the first one. According to my sleep chart, I had REM during that time! It was literally a 4 minute and 30 second chunk and it happened within that! Anyway, it's too bad that I don't have a version of my app that just starts off with an interval timer instead of doing it 15 minutes later. I'm going to work on that today in case this happens. If I miss an alarm, there's a pretty good chance I've accidentally targeted REM there and should do the interval timer immediately.

I ended up setting a regular 15 minute timer and decided to use my app the cycle after that. After the app woke me up, I definitely don't feel like I had come from REM, but I didn't jump to conclusions. According to what happened, I'd say I came from light sleep instead. I can usually tell if I come from REM because I will feel a little extra tired. To me, there's a difference between light sleep tiredness and REM tiredness. With REM, I also feel like my eyes are glued shut if I shut them. It's like there are magnets on the top and bottom attracted to each other even if my eyes are open. Getting better sleep will help as well as having multiple versions of the app, one for 15 minutes then interval, one with interval right away, and one with 45-50 minutes before interval for now. Tomorrow, I was originally planning on getting up early, but I've been getting to bed really late, and I would like to fix that first, so I will try waking up with a natural alarm and targeting REM around 50 minutes later according to my recent sleep charts with the cycle where I normally do a 15 minute timer.
