# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I had to get up really early yesterday and didn't feel like doing it today even though I casually attempted to by snoozing. I literally woke up around 7 and was going to try it, but the thought of getting out of bed for a little literally put me to sleep! Suddenly, it was around 8:30! It's almost like I got knocked out, but I didn't. When I woke up that time, I decided to get up for a little, get something on my computer set up to save time today, check my sleep chart, and start snoozing until I think I woke up from a dream. The one time I thought it was possible, I stopped snoozing. According to my sleep chart, I was almost a half hour off! I was not that tired after getting up for a while, but got tired fast snoozing like this. I just slept for the rest of the day and didn't even bother trying to improve my dream recall. I actually did it very casually, but not enough to have an effect. I only recalled minor details that I would still remember without doing that. I think I'm going to try to get on track first and maybe do dream recall in the mean time. If I accidentally get it while doing dream recall, maybe it's meant to be then. Anyway, each time I snoozed, I practiced easing into deeper breathing before shutting the alarm off. I would say it's definitely harder to do that than during sleep paralysis itself, but practicing that I'm very sure can be very positive! I got slightly better each time I did that! Doing that during sleep paralysis is one thing, but remembering it on the spot without freaking out about forgetting, is another thing! If I can remember to do everything I do with ease, that's probably more important than anything else! Suddenly breathing deeper will make it obvious I'm awake, but easing everything will definitely increase chances like last Monday that I reported Tuesday.

I think it might also be worth mentioning that even though I didn't have it for the third day in a row Wednesday, I did experience the sensations during my last dream of the day. I touched my head in a certain way and suddenly had the pulsing sensation as well as audio hallucinations within the first couple seconds even though I was clearly standing in my dream and could see everything! I wasn't lucid, but I remember thinking I finally figured out how to induce the sensations while awake so I can show other people what it's like! I woke up relatively shortly after, so I figured out why that worked... I was dreaming. I had some pretty strange dreams that day, including one where I had to do chores, but the person showing me literally told the tool(s) I would use to do the task like a dream command. I think that's the first time someone else in my dream controlled it in that way. That should have been a dream sign, but I missed it. I was thinking about how there's apparently a way to do that now just like I used to do in my dreams! I definitely miss lucid dreaming, especially posting the November sleep paralysis experience last night from last year back when I was able to actually enter a lucid dream successfully! I suggest reading that since literally every experience this year has never been quite what I achieved that day! I've been aiming for what happened then so I can do that again! I'll continue to post my previous actual successful experiences when I want to get something done during the night but don't want to start on something too crazy like last night. Since I'm probably going to be staying up a little later tonight and tomorrow (hopefully better than the past weekends), I will just focus on dream recall if not just catching up on sleep altogether. I will then try to go to bed close to an hour earlier relatively consistently! 
