NyQuil# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I took a melatonin and ended up going to bed before 1. I fell asleep pretty quickly. I was saying my night time prayers and don't even remember if I finished! When I was performing the breathing technique to help settle down, I kept drifting off with that as well! I was super tired with melatonin! I think it's most effective if taken like an hour before going to bed with a relatively consistent sleep schedule! Having a consistent sleep schedule I definitely found is more effective than it being mixed up while taking melatonin. Taking melatonin with a consistent sleep schedule is probably the most effective of all as long as it compounds on top of what the body naturally produces! If it's taken every day, the body will realize it doesn't need to naturally produce it because it's being taken and will suddenly depend on that thus lose effectiveness because it's no longer compounded. It's obviously natural and not as bad as a drug because one can abstain from it until the body starts naturally producing it again, which sucks the first couple nights of not having it. A relatively consistent sleep schedule will make it most effective! This morning, I woke up around the same time I naturally did yesterday, but no time before that and I had a ton of dreams recalled! I would not be surprised if I had REM for over an hour! I felt super stiff like I do after a long REM cycle because there's probably no tossing and turning at all! REM is usually the longest period without tossing and turning or moving because the body is paralyzed and doesn't have a reason to toss and turn, generally speaking.

I probably had a lot of light sleep before the next REM cycle as I thought I would. Usually, that happens after a long REM cycle. I probably had light sleep for at least 80 minutes. Awake on and off because I snoozed a few times. After a while, I snoozed almost without remembering why I was doing that. I got pretty tired very quickly and probably slept most of the light sleep period where I would have been normally been asleep during moments I was awake today. I think I had audio hallucinations multiple times throughout this period. I think it was kind of like hypnogogic imagery, but with audio instead. I don't think it was part of a dream or anything, just part of the trance I was in. I can't remember what the first audio hallucination was at this point, but I know the second one was of a car horn honking. It sounded exactly like the one on Tom Scott's gender neutral pronouns video when he got hit by a bus supposedly. I mean it sounded exactly the same! This happened after the most recent snooze at 10:03ish. At first, I hit snooze again, but I realized the hallucination could have been part of a dream this time! I shut off the alarm and decided to wait for the rollover signal. I decided to toss and turn just once because I felt very awake and would maybe ignore it when I felt more sleepy. I figured even if I accidentally fell asleep, I would end up having sleep paralysis anyway. I was also too tired to worry about it at that point anyway. Awake enough it would take a little while to fall asleep, but also tired to care.

Eventually, I felt very dizzy, like the split-second dizziness I talk about. The dizziness lasted about 5+ seconds! If I had opened my eyes, which I've done years ago when this happens, I have an extremely hard time focusing my eyes on the time because it's moving up and down! I think my eyes naturally roll downward and I bring it up and it keeps happening for several seconds. It could even be rapid eye movement, hence REM! Today is the longest the dizziness has happened for a long time! I remember having the adrenaline rush and thought it was extremely unlikely I would have sleep paralysis because it's too late and my body knows I'm conscious. It's exactly what happens when I used to try having a WILD years ago. I think it's the reason my heart rate would suddenly go up. That's a known side effect when trying to have a WILD. I think it's because of this split-second dizziness that happens! The dizziness has no sleep paralysis symptoms, including the pulsing or tingling or anything. Anyway, even though I knew I probably wouldn't have sleep paralysis from it, I decided to stay calm and see anyway. After the dizziness stopped, I had sleep paralysis within a few seconds of that, even though I was sure I got too excited from the dizziness! The way sleep paralysis came from the dizziness was incredibly weird! I just got hit with a memory of it. It's like I almost got dizzy again in order to get the pulsing sensation to start happening! It really didn't feel like it was going to come, but it did! Point is, if that dizziness happens, don't automatically assume you screwed up! I thought I did and was like 95% sure I wasn't going to have sleep paralysis after what happens, but it happened anyway! Basically every time I had that in the past decade or more, it could have been sleep paralysis had I just stayed calm! I always wanted to see what it was like for a dream to get formed from the very start, but little did I know that dizziness could have led me right to my answer all this time! It's almost like that dizziness induces it! If you're trying to fall asleep consciously and you have a heart rush or dizziness like I described, it means you're seconds away from sleep paralysis! Try to remain calm and not move when that happens because sleep paralysis should start if you're calm enough and stuff! It should happen after about 5 seconds after you notice that happening if you're calm and still. Again, no matter what happens, don't automatically assume you screwed up no matter how much it seems like it. Your body should have quite a bit of tolerance even if you do consciously react in some way. Remember, there are people that try getting out of it and can't! That's proof there's a lot of margin with not accidentally waking up as well! 

I almost want to do WILD the original way I've been doing it because this happened almost every time I did it! I just never managed to get past that! I was basically there though! Anyway, I woke up about 5 seconds into sleep paralysis itself unfortunately. I had internal dialogue where I asked myself "Is this sleep paralysis?" "Yes". I remember after that happened, I tried focusing on breathing, but didn't know if I was breathing too quickly or slowly. It was incredibly hard to lie still! The urge was almost impossible to ignore, especially since I had just gained consciousness essentially! Terrible combo! I had the adrenaline rush suddenly and woke up. I did remember to try lying still and seeing if I could make it come back, but no luck 30 seconds later. I felt very excited and not that calm while doing that though. Now I can practice suppressing those feelings by not inhaling or exhaling that much as I don't during sleep paralysis, and thinking about this experience and suppress the adrenaline for at least two minutes straight! It's hard if not impossible right now! Practice that, and I should be able to make it through anything without waking up! I think it could have still worked if I was more calm because I've brought it back within 15 seconds in the past, even though I'm pretty sure I woke up from it prior! I try indicating to my body it made a mistake and that I'm not "actually" awake! I think this is something that should be researched because I can't find anything online, but it might be a chance to bring WILD back if accidentally screwed up after it started! Anyway, if I have a good bed time, I will probably try again tomorrow with similar bed time tonight. I'm not going to take melatonin because the point of me taking it is usually to get back on track only! Very quick way to adjust to jet lag by the way! Can make the process a day or two faster! The same reason one should only take NyQuil (or DayQuil for people who have reverse effects with each) when sick. That way it works when it's needed and doesn't have tolerance build-up.
