# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I went to bed undesirably late because I planned on going to bed on time, but then I started doing a voice recording of me working on my app so I can use it to target REM and keep me awake after the timer is up automatically. I ended up getting that, but the voice recording went on for much longer than I had planned. I thought it was really good quality though, so it was worth it. I started watching videos too and it ended up getting late. I'm also still mixing up Thursday and Friday, which I'm glad of because mixing things up helps increase chances I think. When I got up to check my sleep chart, it looked like it was a possibility I would have deep sleep again, which would make sense since I went to bed about an hour later than previous nights. I didn't end up having deep sleep, so it would've been fine. I think it's an average factor of several days. If you guys wanted to be helpful, maybe you could write a program that lets you insert JSONs and helps find an average of some type of sleep, including deep. There's a segment at the bottom of the file with total for each. You could add them up and divide by the number of files inserted to find the average. Just an idea that I would find beneficial. Anyway, I set my alarm for an hour and fifteen minutes when going back to sleep with a smart alarm, so I would wake up naturally. Unfortunately, I think it went off while I had a REM cycle. The sleep chart doesn't register it, so I think I responded and fell asleep faster than 30 seconds!

I was going to get up for the day, but felt a little groggy and checked my sleep chart and figured that out. I remember hearing a weird sound with my ear tube (since I have a deformed ear) and I thought of the possibility of the fire alarm going off. That's why I decided to get up for the day. I think before that was when I tested out the app, but didn't end up falling asleep after a couple minutes. I decided to get up for a little and do the alarm snoozing thing where I snooze it twice and hope to get sleep paralysis. I was probably too tired and didn't have a decent consecutive light sleep before that, which seems to be a huge factor. I was awake the entire time before the first one went off like 20 minutes later. I think most of the way into the second one, I was too. I ended up just falling asleep and having a dream. Today, definitely wasn't a good day for doing it, or I ruined it. I did have a semi-vivid dream after finally falling asleep around 10. I got an other idea for the app. After the interval timer is up, rather than having it automatically exit, I could replicate the REM clues mode. It briefly buzzed every once in a while and if I detect that in my dream, I could be able to become lucid there. That's my next idea besides making multiple versions of the app with different timers because I have to change that in the original programming.
