# Successful Attempt

I'm not sure whether to consider this successful to be honest, but what happened really blew my mind! I performed the method and woke myself up more after the timer as well as before. It took a really long time to go to sleep. I remember being able to tell that I had fallen asleep because I even remembered a dream that I had. When I woke up, I knew that I wouldn't have time to try again or anything, so I set my alarm to go off in 9 minutes like a snooze. I believe I snoozed once, but can't remember. As I'm lying there, I got a split second pulse in my brain just like I normally get during sleep paralysis. I acknowledged it but didn't really think anything of it. I had it happen again within a minute. I remember kind of being surprised but didn't think too much of it. I believe it happened again within 30 seconds. Again within 10 seconds! I remember thinking "No way, I just set my alarm for snoozing because I don't have time". I suspected the possibility that I was slowly entering sleep paralysis but I was in denial because I felt awake the entire time and it couldn't have possibly happened so quickly could it? I don't even remember a rollover signal either! It kept getting faster and faster and I lied still and it most definitely was the start of sleep paralysis because the rhythm was getting faster and faster! I kept thinking there's no way that could possibly be happening! No rollover signal and I had just woken up and failed! It stopped like 5 or 10 seconds into it unfortunately. I focused on breathing but may have overdone it and even crossed my eyes hoping to accelerate it quicker. I felt pretty tired right before it but I was able to get right out of bed as soon as that happened! I have the feeling of meditation today!

I conclude that if you miss it, you might still be able to get it like I did there. Tomorrow, I'm going to try again for 15 minutes, but this time, I will focus a little less on waking myself more after the timer is up. If I miss it, which I likely will, I will recognize when I might've fallen asleep and barely move my legs without fully tossing and turning. Any movement I make will be really slow so my body and mind think I'm very sleepy even though I'm not mentally. I will stay relatively still and pay attention to the pulse feeling in my head. If it happens once, that means it will probably happen again very soon, especially being relatively still. If it happens again very soon, I'm definitely going to enter it like today! The dream might last longer too since I likely just came from REM! I suspect no rollover signal happened because of how short the REM was and how calm I am that my body didn't feel the need to do the rollover signal! This is the kind of thing I was hoping to happen when attempting the stop, drop, and roll method. This doesn't even have the urge assuming it works like today. I'm really looking forward to this because that pretty much guarantees it will work assuming I don't make the three basic mistakes: being too sleepy for timer, having deep sleep while attempting, and not getting enough sleep in the first place. This is sort of another breakthrough that allows you to do it even if you failed and had a vague dream and woke up altogether! I seriously didn't think that was even possible, I'm just like no... there's no way that's even possible, but I proceeded anyway with luck! That's also exciting because I feel much more awake and am less likely to fall asleep during sleep paralysis itself and have a false awakening.
