# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis today. I woke up with a smart alarm. My bed time wasn't as early as planned, but it's about the same time as it's been before it started getting worse. I'm going to try to do it another hour earlier as I'm getting up earlier tomorrow and may not have time for a method. Today, I tried using Lucid Hole to target when I had REM so I could get REM rebound. I would then start an interval timer on my Fitbit so I could use it to keep my mind awake. I had it set for 10 seconds just because I thought it was a little harder to feel the vibrations. I think I will set it back to 15 for next time. Unfortunately, Lucid Hole didn't target my REM successfully any of the times. It did go off once, but it was like 45 seconds after I woke up from a dream. I was awake! I tried doing an interval timer just in case but only did it for like a minute and decided to just try again. I did it a few times and didn't target it successfully. I did have a feeling that even if I failed, I would have sleep paralysis at least once because that's what kept happening when messing with my app that was supposed to target the transition between light and REM sleep. I will post the app when I get a chance.

I had sleep paralysis and I suspect it happened in the last small light sleep chunk before 9. I woke up like 10 seconds into it. I remember focusing on breathing instead of whether I had tension built up. I think I also had a gag reflex right away by the way, but it didn't screw me up. I also had the gag reflex and the feeling my legs were sliding the day my alarm was going off in it on November 14th. It didn't screw up the results. I entered a dream that day. I could wake up if I'm too relaxed/tired to even care. I was really tired, but it still felt like I had about 3 or 4 "pulses" in my brain per second. It's a really weird feeling to have. It's nice though, just like when I desperately want a nap and I can finally get it. It feels like I'm actively being successful with it with awareness in a sense. 

Tomorrow, I have to get up early and may take a break for a day. It's been a really long time since I've done that! Thursday, I will try targeting REM using a timer instead, which worked before, but I don't remember waking up from it. I will try doing two alarms a minute apart from each other to maximize chances of remembering waking up. I will also try modifying my app too when I get a chance so the timer automatically goes off and an interval timer automatically starts right after. There's obviously a chance I won't target REM successfully, but I'll hope for the best. I think what I'll do is actually a 15 minute timer since it's been a long time since I've done that and if I miss SP, I will do the timer thing either with two alarms or my app after waking up from the cycle. The way Lucid Hole vibrated while going off is how I will have my app vibrate as well because it's different than normal, but I think is still desirable.
