# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I went to bed really late again because I didn't get stuff done as soon as I planned as usual. Won't happen tonight! Actually, I could've probably had a decent sleep schedule, but I figured out a more efficient way to get stuff done and was hyped about that! This is what I've been looking for for a long time! I will try to go to bed a couple hours earlier even if I'm not super tired (because of circadian rhythm). I wasn't that tired when going to bed, but fell asleep quicker than last night, probably because of sleep mask while on back and consistent sleep schedule. I'm surprised that I woke up with a smart alarm a little after 7 still. I guess it's a sleep cycle earlier than normal, but still happened! I didn't have another deep sleep like I would've thought. I ended up deciding to do the alarm thing where I snooze a couple times and see if I can target sleep paralysis from doing that like I've done before. I didn't have any REM while attempting that, so it makes sense that it didn't work.

Tomorrow, I will try to target REM using Lucid Hole. This time, I will try to just do it in the morning because I don't really have to configure it. I will try it every cycle starting at 6 or 7 (depending on bed time). If I wake up from it, then I will start an interval timer for 15 seconds using the exercise app and keep my mind awake using that. Hopefully it goes according to plan at least once. I want to get my app so I have a timer that shuts itself off after like 5 seconds, then it would automatically do an interval without my intervention. The exercise app is what I will do for now. 
