# Successful Attempt

I'm even more unsure of whether to consider today a success than yesterday. I tried seeing if I could do the part where if I miss sleep paralysis from a dream, I would try to see if I could lie relatively still and try to get that buzzing sensation in my head really quickly over time. I had an urge and don't remember actually doing it that way. You'll notice that I went to bed almost 2 hours later than normal because I was visiting people. I didn't really exercise as much that day, so I was wondering what effect it would have on my deep sleep. Apparently, it happened roughly the same amount after I went to sleep. I woke up multiple times in the night and remember that happening. It sucked. I preformed the normal method with the 15 minute timer, but I didn't really wake myself up after the timer and barely reminded myself I'm attempting sleep paralysis in the first place. I didn't wake myself up more after the timer was up like yesterday, so you can't see the U-Shaped awake-light-awake pattern. I woke up from a dream without having SP. Lying still didn't really work that well. I'd say you can toss and get really comfortable, but maybe slowly because that'll likely make things happen quicker.

I eventually had a dream that took place in my grandparents' bedroom, which I haven't been to in many years! I've had a few dreams taking place there over the last few years, but even that's more recent than actually being there. I tried attempting the method of lying there and waiting for the buzzing and stuff. It happened within seconds! This is more of a dream about having sleep paralysis within it than actually having sleep paralysis either from waking life or a dream collapsing (because of my altered sleep cycle). I remember thinking about having negative connotations, but I was okay with waking up and just focused on breathing and admired the fact that I hadn't woken up from it yet. I must've within 40 seconds, "entered" the dream where it started in my grandparents' house (where I supposedly attempted the method in the first place). It wasn't super vivid, but definitely happened and was within a dream where I could've just been lucid there instead. That's a sign that more sleep is needed or waking up more before/after the 15 minute timer is up. Cool that I had it, but it's hard for me to say that it actually counts because it was within a dream I was already having. I ended up in the same place before and after.
