# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I didn't get to bed as early as planned. Interestingly, I wasn't that tired when waking up today, given how it's been lately. I was obviously tired from melatonin directly on my eyes like usual, but it wasn't nearly as bad as lately. I had a feeling it would be a really good day for this! What happened was I checked my sleep chart, saw I hardly had any deep sleep once again. I still proceeded anyway since I wasn't super tired. I remember lying there for a little while before answering the alarm because of a habit I built, but things worked well anyway. I got up for a little and started snoozing the alarm a few times. I felt like it would be around 45 minutes, so I set the first alarm for around 20 something minutes before snoozing. I snoozed the first few times. The first time I thought it was a possibility I woke up from  a dream, I was right on according to the sleep chart. My first questionable snooze of waking up from a dream is probably the correct answer. I tried doing the interval timer so I could try to fall asleep consciously with the right balance. I did move and stuff. I didn't end up falling back to sleep. Each time the timer went off, I had the split-second pulsing in my head each time it went off though! I think it would be better on days I don't really wake myself up that much. I didn't feel as tired this time. It might work better if I feel a little but not too much more tired. Basically, I failed that opportunity for either getting sleep paralysis from REM rebound or accidentally. I wonder if I could have gotten it accidentally by stopping the snooze when I did and not trying to fall asleep consciously.

After it took a while to fall asleep, I knew it would be a while and decided to just fall asleep and see if I could get it accidentally. I think I woke up without that happening. After waking up, I barely remember what happened after that since getting comfortable again. I remember having a relatively long dream before waking up that time. Very quickly, I must've went into another dream. It was actually kind of peaceful because we were supposedly learning how to do a backstroke using just our legs to move. It was weird because it was more like a prank that we were planning on pulling off. I remember trying and being able to do it for real instead of "faking" it like the source I was learning it from implied. I almost felt like I was watching myself in first person rather than being part of it. Anyway, I entered sleep paralysis from that dream or intense hypnogogic imagery since it felt so peaceful! Sleep paralysis only lasted around 10 or 15 seconds. I was focusing on breathing deeply. I remember not being able to think right away and worried about breathing wrong. That is something I should not be worried about as I and pretty much everyone else that sleeps, do it perfectly every time it happens while unconscious! Anyway, I noticed something that might be helpful for the future. I noticed that if I breathe too slowly or too quickly, the pulsing sensation stops or slows way down in intensity. It doesn't always mean I woke up, so I need to avoid having anxiety about that possibility. As soon as that happens, I might want to tell myself it didn't stop and I should ease into a breathing rate that brings it back! It can regulate if I ease into a good breathing rate! By the way, the last awake tick mark on my sleep chart on my second to last REM cycle, shows awake just before waking up from REM. I think it reported that possibly because of the sudden change in my breathing rate during sleep paralysis! I think practicing controlling those feelings through meditation would also be beneficial. I guarantee no matter how I do things, meditation will always help in some way. That is something I keep forgetting to do. I think I will at least practice if it takes a little to fall asleep. It's not going to really prolong REM since it naturally takes a little to come regardless of that. I should really avoid over-thinking that because it works fine when I'm not awake! That would be a good way to find the right breathing rate! No matter what, I should ease into whatever I do because it stopped abruptly when I didn't today. It came back after regulating it. Anyway, if it works better in the future, I will obviously talk about that and explain why I think it went well.

I might be up really late because there's some work I've been putting off for a while and it has to get done tonight! I won't log tomorrow since I will sleep regularly. I could include a sleep chart difference the following day just to see difference in pattern without sleep interruption. I'll take melatonin that following night. I will try to have around 2 hours of deep sleep maybe since I've hardly had any lately probably from mixing up my bed time so much.
