# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I went to bed later just as I suspected would happen. I was talking to my brother about lucid dreaming while late, so that was nice. I still set an alarm for 5 hours and 40 minutes. I can't remember if I woke up from my smart alarm or not. Either way, I started a little later because of how late it got. I was still trying the snoozing method. I tried to see if I could still get sleep paralysis 3 days in a row and stuff. Didn't really work out that well. I tried getting up to the point where I wouldn't really feel that tired anymore, despite how I felt when first starting today. I then did the alarm snoozing, but I don't think I had the full plan down, especially since I figured interrupting the process of going to sleep would be enough to make it happen accidentally. Apparently, I woke up from REM twice. I felt it once, but don't really remember the previous time before that. I think I should get more sleep before trying this again. I think I should aim for doing the REM rebound thing, then maybe I could land on getting it accidentally. I'm going to skip tomorrow and try catching up on sleep regularly. I did try REM rebound after the second time, but it ended up prolonging the process. This is a reason I want to bring the interval timer back. I might want to just do it once for like a minute or something. I almost want to modify the app so it does the snoozing thing, and if I don't respond to it after a while, it would maybe stop snoozing. If I happen to be lucid, I would maybe deliberately ignore it like I did November 14th last year during sleep paralysis and the resulting dream! It could maybe have the interval timer as well for doing REM rebound so I can get comfortable without tossing and turning and then focus on breathing as soon as the 1 minute interval goes off.

Even though I failed, I ended up having what felt like a pretty long REM cycle. I think I became lucid in the last one and the one before, or before I even started. I wasn't lucid that long, but I did do a little dream control. One of them involved someone wanting to break a drone for some reason. I didn't want them to do that. I spontaneously realized that I was dreaming, so I summoned another one using the look away look back and it summoned even though they were looking from behind not surprised at all! I didn't think it would work if they were watching, which is an expectation thing, but it did work! I think I was in my room for part of the other one and randomly became lucid from that somewhat briefly or something. I remember eventually thinking about something kind of saucy and realized I was actually still dreaming! This was the second time I became lucid. It lasted about a minute or two before I lost my visual sense. I tried touching things to engage with the dream to bring it back, but it didn't work. I remember even bending down to feel the floor and stuff. None of that helped. I eventually thought I woke up, but noticed my smoke detector light was off and the time it was on my clock. I instantly told myself I didn't actually wake up yet. At first, I was kind of having post sleep paralysis sensations that I might get after waking up from a long REM cycle where I remember a lot of the dream. This was in my false awakening! I think I just closed my eyes and then woke up for real in the same place as the dream. I had the same post paralysis sensation I had during the false awakening! That was really weird how similar it can be between a false awakening and real life! Anyway, I will take tomorrow off most likely and maybe try recalling dreams as I go back to sleep if I wake up naturally early enough just to maybe improve regular dream recall tomorrow. There won't be an entry as I'm finally taking a break, which I haven't done for months really.
