# Failed Attempt

I failed today. Unfortunately, my original plans for Lucid Dreaming Day didn't really work out. I was hoping to have a WILD the original way for the first time. I think I will wait to do that until I get a more consistent sleep schedule, which I will try to shoot for this week. Friday and Saturday night will not work because it is pretty much guaranteed to be later nights. I think until my sleep gets regular, I will try to have dream initiated sleep paralysis and see if I can get that working nearly every time until my sleep is relatively consistent. I woke up with the first smart alarm today. I will pretty much always be setting it for 5 hours and 40 minutes after getting into bed. I will say if I do some other time. I had light sleep for 43 minutes after checking it, so I assumed REM was around the corner. It wasn't. It took another half hour or so not including how long I was still considered awake. I tried attempting the 10 + 10 method, except skipping the first part and staying awake 10 minutes and catching myself getting into a trance a few times. I think I got into a trance during the 10 minutes, but told myself I would just continue catching myself doing that after the 10 minutes was up. I forgot again. I eventually woke up from a dream realizing that. I did take melatonin to help get back on track again. That probably contributed to feeling sleepy.

I eventually started a timer for 30 minutes. I have a feeling my timer woke me up from REM, but I didn't have REM rebound or anything. It was about another 45 minutes before having the REM cycle. By the way, the timer went off while I was in it I think. I can't remember for sure. All I know is that attempted to have a wake initiated sleep paralysis after that happened. According to my sleep chart, I was in REM the entire time, even while waiting for sleep paralysis! I must've stayed pretty still! Dream clues went off once, but I decided to try for a little longer. When it went off again I think 5 minutes later, I decided to just give up and go back to sleep. That's when I realized it thought I was in REM that entire time I was awake! The reason I kept trying even after the first set of clues is because before that, I had the split-second pulsing happening in my head, so it was a sign it would happen! It happened twice within 10 seconds! I think the second time, I had the butterfly feeling in my stomach because of my realization. I think that's why it stopped after that. I could've gotten too excited or something. I still had more dream recall than I did the day I had a 70 minute REM cycle probably about a week ago! I was sure my body would seek a decent amount of REM, but it didn't. Could be sleep mix-up as well as the ringing in the ears with the fire alarm, which kept bothering me a little this morning. I don't think it prolonged falling asleep by much, but it did a little. I think before I started trying to have a wake initiated sleep paralysis, I had a dream where I was looking at my alarm clock to see what time it was. It was off. I could see the night light still had power. I honestly didn't know what was happening at the time. I think it could have been a false awakening of some sort. I had one yesterday where it looked like I unplugged something from the wall when I really didn't. Yeah, I think I will stick with dream initiated sleep paralysis as long as my sleep is mixed up and unpredictable. I will try doing wake initiated sleep paralysis if I ever notice myself falling asleep and having signs of REM, like the pulsing or a rollover signal. I'm also not going to worry about whether or not staying awake will prolong when REM starts. I still think it increases the chance. That might actually be a good way to keep mixing things up for increased likelihood of getting a dream initiated sleep paralysis.
