# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis today. I haven't been reporting lately because either the sleep chart may sort of indicate what I've been doing, which I don't want to somehow jinx, or because it just isn't worth journaling because of the results. I may come back to one or two days I missed, but I also may not. I'm still trying to figure out how the method works because factors like when I go to bed and lately, not waking up with smart alarm until I'm still in REM or deep sleep. I think the idea is good, but it might be a little tricky to know exactly how to do it right, which I've been testing. Today and last time, I succeeded with it because I'm pretty sure it worked! Starting tonight, I'm really going to try going to bed around 12:30 or ideally earlier each night and be as consistent as possible to see how much that helps. I failed the first time I tried it today. It worked the second time.

Unfortunately, I woke up around ten seconds into it. It was really interesting though because while I was in it, I had an auditory hallucination of a binaural beat. I have a free app on my phone called Binaural Beats Therapy I think, which I haven't used lately, but the hallucination I had sounded exactly like the hallucination sound within the app. It was actually kind of peaceful! I remember during the 10ish experience that I needed to remember to not lose awareness. That was around the time it stopped. It was weird because I had a dream that felt like it lasted a while (within a 20 minute REM chunk) and it felt like it lasted a while. Anyway, I felt like I was doing something and I supposedly messed up. I remember after it felt like the dream was done, I wished I had another chance. Sleep paralysis had crossed my mind and I was sure I could have it in that moment by staying still and thinking about it. That's when I could feel it starting! I looked at my sleep chart and I had two minutes of light sleep after REM happened. I think sleep paralysis happened during that light sleep. Maybe I would have had another REM chunk if I didn't wake up. It makes me think about what would happen if I put extra effort into keeping my mind awake while expecting it could happen and stuff. I look forward to trying that out in the future!
