# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I ended up going to bed a little later. When I had a good opportunity, things didn't go as planned and ended up later. I'm hanging out with family, so it could get really late, but we're going to try fixing that by starting our stuff earlier if possible. We're going to see a movie before that, so that could ruin the time timing wise, but would be fun. Anyway, I tried targeting my REM again just like yesterday. When I woke up this morning, I woke up about an hour earlier than I was expecting to, which I found alarming (not with the alarm) as I went to bed later, not earlier! I only had like 19 minutes of deep sleep when checking the sleep chart. I found that really strange as I'm a little sore from exercising. I ended up deciding to wait a sleep cycle by setting my smart alarm about an hour and forty minutes after the time it was (6:30). From the looks of it, I must've woken up into my REM by mistake. I barely remember anything that happened and it kind of looks like I was awake for 30 seconds during it. I don't really remember that unfortunately. That proves how quickly I could have a WILD if I did things correctly. Little did I know that it was actually the first 45 minute cycle that I thought was going to happen a cycle later! Having only 19 minutes of deep sleep didn't really give me confidence either. The calculations were apparently wrong at the time. It almost seems to be around that time regardless of when I go to bed! Also, the amount of REM I get each day varies so much based on what I do throughout the day that it seems to even out! The second cycle was about a half hour! I believe I set the timer assuming it was an hour and completely missed the REM cycle. Also, I checked my sleep chart again and it didn't want to synchronize so I could see it, so that didn't help either. I remembered having a dream before it was up! It looks like I was only awake for around a minute when I had this realization. The last cycle ended up being about an hour before I had REM.

I know that having a consistent sleep schedule and getting my body to seek enough of deep and REM will make it much easier to target! Knowing that the timing is about the same regardless (6:30 - 7:30 it seems like no matter the bed time), I will assume it's okay regardless of what things look like. Whenever I naturally wake up (before smart alarm does), assuming not two cycles or more early, I will start doing it for 55, maybe 45, and 60 or 70 minutes for the timer each cycle. The last one would be pretty close and 60 minutes could cause an accidental WILD (sleep paralysis) after I've fallen asleep since it's so close as long as I was awake for maybe around 5 minutes assuming I don't remember any dream at that point (as it probably didn't start yet). Upon getting up, I noticed my sleeping mask was on my bed! I usually lie on my back until I get into a trance, take it off as it's uncomfortable lying on the side, and put it away and go on my side. It must've fallen off when I turned to my side! That only proves why I don't like wearing it on my side! I don't remember any of this happening though. I know side sleeping has certain health issues, but so does lying on the back and I think stomach too! So it really doesn't make a difference to me from that standpoint! Anyway, I'm going to keep trying and waking up naturally after 6, even if going to bed late, not a lot of deep sleep, and before a 5 hour and 40 minute smart alarm, I'm still going to assume it's time for the 45 minute light sleep chunk before REM, so I will set a 55 minute timer.

By the way, I practiced the steps after the timers went up as if I was having REM rebound. I noticed my thinking abilities were downhill! I remembered I needed to make sure I didn't have tension build-up, but it took like 30 seconds to realize I wasn't actually checking for that or actually performing the steps, even if barely thinking of what they are! What I'm going to do is make sure I don't have bad habits built up from stopping the timer and not remembering it happening. I'm going to make sure I'm actually thinking properly while doing it. I would think as long as I'm following those steps thoroughly, I should still fall asleep even if I'm that mentally alert. I can usually feel if I woke up from light sleep or REM based on that "glued" feeling in my eyes, whether I can recall a dream I may have just had, and how long it takes to fall asleep while relaxed and stuff. If I feel like I was probably in light sleep, I will completely focus for at least a minute and a half or what feels like at least that amount. If it feels like I was in REM, I will try to give that at least 5 minutes. If REM rebound happens, I think it should happen within 2 minutes or even faster! Also, if I assume the light sleep and I notice a split second pulsing sensation, I will now assume I was actually in REM and do that accordingly. 
