# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I did manage to go to bed around 2 hours earlier than last night, so that was good. I naturally woke up much earlier than the 5 hour and 40 minute smart alarm that I would have done. I wasn't really planning on doing anything in the first place, so I woke up just so I could kind of get an idea on how my sleep would likely happen tomorrow. I woke up so I could clearly see the "starting" point. I had to get up a little early, so I set a smart alarm for that. I decided to snooze a little. I had in mind to try avoiding REM, but I wanted to keep snoozing as that's what I generally like to do. Haven't much lately because of what I've been attempting and waking up naturally, but before that, my snoozing habits were terrible! I snoozed while in REM a few times today! You can see on the last REM cycle, I have several red tick marks within it. That's when I was snoozing. Some times I was awake for a minute, other times 30 seconds, and once 2 minutes. That proves REM rebound happens fast! Since I got up from the day from REM and probably not naturally, I decided to take a morning nap after a couple hours, so I have that basic sleep chart as well.

Something I plan on trying later this week is trying to have a WILD from REM rebound by snoozing until I wake up from a dream like I kept doing today. Each time I snooze, I would keep track of how many times to indicate awareness as well as acknowledge what I'm doing and whether or not I woke up from a dream. If I'm not sure, I will snooze again. I will explain more when I attempt it, but I have a pretty good idea on what to do, which can be inferred from previous entries. Tonight, I will take a melatonin and try going to bed a couple hours earlier than last night! I think that's why I was having dreams nearly every hour of the night April 5th! Even the morning! I thought that was pretty cool, so I will try that again tonight to get back on track as well! I might end up forgetting what day of the week it is like I tend to when I've been in the dream world for so long! Today I will try to make my body seek more deep sleep and REM, so I'm sure that will help as well. Exercising, learning stuff, and forming unique memories I'm sure will help with that. 
