# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis twice today and once yesterday! I've been trying to catch up on sleep because I've had the past 4 nights or so a few days before today, get as late as 5:30 in the morning where it's just about daylight again! The past couple nights before yesterday were late as well as I was hanging out with family during our video game night. I got to bed before 3 both those days as well. The past two days, I've just been focusing on catching up on sleep and doing dream recall each of those days. I also don't have my new Fitbit yet. Somehow, it caused me to have sleep paralysis without trying. Same with once yesterday. I didn't journal because I didn't even attempt to get it in the first place! I think when I recall my dreams, I've been trying to catch myself when I notice I've lost focus on that. I think that somehow contributes big time! That combined with adjusting my sleep rhythms so it's a little harder to fall asleep in the morning when I focus on dream recall. Otherwise I think it would be a lot easier to fall asleep because I can feel the effects of melatonin.

Unfortunately, I woke up both times today, but yesterday, I don't think I would consider it accidentally waking up, or losing awareness! It was weird either way! So the first time I had it today, I actually had just woken up from a dream a couple minutes prior! The dream was pretty vague. I was throwing a ball and stuff and I was really lazy to at first, I don't know why. I was literally telling people I'll throw it as soon as I happen to get the motivation to. Anyway, I woke up from that dream. Eventually, I have sleep paralysis while maintaining awareness the entire time! I barely remember getting a rollover signal if it happened at all. I remember being in a trance thinking deeply about stuff. I was still awake though. Eventually, sleep paralysis just started. It started with a split-second brain pulse. I had a feeling it was about to start when that happened even though I knew I had just woken up and distinctly remembered looking at the time. When it happened once, I could just feel it was about to happen more! That was super weird! Unfortunately, I woke up about 5 seconds into it. When I checked the time, it was literally two minutes later than the dream I had just woken up from! I definitely think I was awake the entire time! I remembered that I needed to focus on breathing, but I think I woke up because I accidentally held my breath without realizing it. Given what happened yesterday, I think it's very likely why it happened.

The second time was a bit later. Every time I wake up from sleep paralysis, it will take at least 25 minutes to fall back to sleep. Even though it took a while, I often got into a deep trance where I was thinking about stuff. I didn't realize it until I snapped out of it. It's like I was dreaming, but I'm pretty sure I wasn't and was just thinking deeply. That kind of gave me an idea on why we might like to dream. I had deep thoughts in a trance like state without dreaming. It was very compelling for my mind to do, so I assume we dream for similar reasons and simply do that much more deeply that the visualizations are incredibly real. That happened multiple times today and yesterday! I also remember when the rollover signal started kicking in. I tried ignoring it. It was hard, but eventually I notice myself jolt for a split-second. Nothing special happened following that. I think there was also a moment where I thought sleep paralysis could have happened, but I had slight doubts and it didn't. Eventually, I think very shortly after that, it does happen again! This time, I Unfortunately woke up around 3 seconds into it. I think what I screwed up that time was trying to breathe deeply too quickly. I should have done it with more ease. It's hard to remember stuff like that on the spot like that. I found that I have quite a bit of time if I literally do nothing usually, so I will quit worrying about rushing to figure out what I need to do correctly. Also, I get it a lot and wake up anyway, so I should not worry about it since it happens anyway. That could take the pressure off and allow me to try things I think would normally wake me up, like I did on that day where I didn't care if I screwed up or not. I think I literally used to focus on the sensations and next thing I knew, I was in a dream about a minute later! I should just remember that eventually, I would want to breathe deeply, but with ease. I think the most important thing to remember is to do literally everything with ease. If one wants to be a really good driver, they should be pressing the petals with ease so they start and stop with ease. It takes a little practice, but eventually, it becomes natural. I think that's what I need to do with this. Everything should be done with ease.

I had it once yesterday as well. I didn't try getting it yesterday either. I did, however, have like 6 or 7 REM cycles after I naturally woke up a little after 7. I had many short dreams and would very quickly be back in a dream within probably 15 minutes if I had to guess. It was weird, but I definitely missed the days I had like that, so it was also amazing. Each time I woke up, I would go over dream detail and catch myself when I notice I've stopped and haven't finished yet. I literally think that's what's causing sleep paralysis. I've mentioned interrupting the process of going to sleep seems to do the trick, but this is a way of doing that as well, but with semi-awareness and realization. It was interesting because each dream was themed pretty much the same! I call that my dream "signature" for the day. It was very obvious what it was. I think part of it was my dream recall influencing the following dreams even more than it would otherwise. There was a time where I was thinking about what I had just dreamt about, but I suddenly noticed I was actually in another dream and not just visualizing it! It's super weird when that happens! Part of it is going to bed earlier and catching up on sleep, which is why the REM cycles happens so many times I think. There was one time I woke up with intense dizziness. I was thinking about sleep paralysis as that was happening, but it didn't happen that time. I had a feeling that even though I wasn't trying to have sleep paralysis, the conditions I believe contribute to it were still happening. I remember thinking about either getting up for the day or trying one more cycle. I tried one more cycle to see if it would happen. Eventually, I entered sleep paralysis. Nothing really surprised me this time. I focused on easing my breathing that time because I was able to think of it. I didn't try gauging myself with the pulsing sensation. I think that actually worked better. I just need to remember to ease everything I do, including breathing and not holding my breath. Eventually, I noticed the sensations stopped, but I was having audio hallucinations of Taran Van Hemert from Linus Tech Tips talking. I don't remember what he was talking about, but presumably, it was some tutorial. Anyway, since I wasn't noticing any of the other sensations and was expecting to be in a dream, I decided to try opening my eyes I guess. Even though I was hallucinating audio, I wanted to try that. They felt slightly glued together, but I opened them within a couple seconds. I could see my clock and stuff. Even though I opened my eyes, I was still hallucinating Taran talking for about 10 seconds after opening! Apparently, that's possible as long as I'm relaxed enough. I was breathing slightly deeply and stuff. I think I moved my head to look at my alarm clock (from cuckoo clock) and still had the hallucinations for a few seconds yet! Eventually, it stopped. I wish I would have kept my eyes shut to potentially have a dream even if it takes a while, but this shows me what's possible and that I have a lot to learn yet! That was pretty mind-blowing either way! I'll be blown away as soon as I can enter a lucid dream from it again! I used to be able to not get excited until after I woke up, regardless of what was happening. I think it was my obsession with The Matrix and being the one, which involved effortless emotional control. I need to practice that again and doing everything with ease, but non-laziness.

I wrote a comment on Daniel Love's most recent tutorial on WILD, which is very informative by the way! "You don't need to have sleep paralysis to have a WILD"! I do, so I'm working with it and trying to use that to become lucid! I wrote about accidentally waking up and stuff. You should be able to find Joseph Zins under that video on Lucid Dream Portal's most recent WILD tutorial. He didn't have time to fully answer my questions because of his tuition sessions (1 on 1 coaching), but I'm amazed he took the time at all! He told me to use the Impossible Movement Practice to transition to the dream body. I never thought of using that during sleep paralysis itself and not just before going to sleep. Of course, he told me as far as emotional control, meditation and practicing controlling emotions are the way to go with the adrenaline rush and stuff. Of course with false awakenings, reality test every time I wake up! I explained how I don't currently want to spend too much effort reality testing, but it wouldn't hurt to at least do it every time I wake up! I still do it any time I think it's possible I'm dreaming, like if there's something strange. He also said he would have replied more, but couldn't because of his sessions. He said to show up in his live stream this Friday if possible to answer more questions, so I will do that. I'll probably super chat to make sure he sees my response. Depending on how many questions I have, I think I might consider doing a tuition session myself. I'm sure he wouldn't want me to do what I'm currently doing, but I've been sort of experimenting while having limitations with inconsistent sleep and not putting a lot of effort throughout the day reality test wise, and journaling, etc. Anyway, I'll probably be part of the next live stream, especially since he's directly encouraging it! I'll also probably become a member of the channel depending on how his support actually helps me. It's very likely.
