# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I ended up sleeping in a different environment around the house. I was super cold when waking up in the morning. I got up for a little and realized the conditions were right for sleep paralysis occurring, especially considering I was cold like both days on the trip where it happened. I think when I went to sleep, I don't believe it happened during the first cycle. I think something like it might have happened, but I can't remember. Sometimes, I will wake up feeling like it will start, but it doesn't. It might've actually been post-atonia after waking up that lasted less than a second. Eventually when I went back to sleep, it happened again! Every time I notice it, it's always because of the high pitched pulsing sensation that happens by the way. I'm trying not to wake up, but I noticed I wasn't really focusing on breathing that much. Eventually, I think the sensations stopped and I noticed that I tossed and turned. I was like great, I woke up again! But I later woke up and realized that I actually didn't wake up and entered a regular dream! This is the second time in a row that I didn't wake up accidentally! By the way, I don't think I tossed and turned; I think it was hypnogogia of me tossing and turning! I was questioning why I was doing that, but I don't think I was because I think I woke up in the first position I was already in!

Now I'm running into an issue where I think I woke up, but didn't! I did discover not waking up comes down to avoiding the adrenaline rush that keeps happening to me sometimes. I believe I did something that I would have expected to wake me up, but it just simply didn't! I don't remember what it was, but I think it was negative expectation. Yeah, I just avoided the adrenaline rush and it was as simple as that! My theory on how to avoid it is make sure breathing is comfortable and not short on breath, don't have a sudden realization to need to maintain awareness; try getting that from the start, and don't get too excited with what's going on. I think just having the intention to avoid it is enough to make these three thing happen automatically. That's what it seems to come down to! I wouldn't be surprised if it would be okay to move before fully paralyzed as long as the adrenaline rush is avoided. It can be hard to remember if a bad habit is built-up, but doing nothing and that is all there is to it! 
