# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I decided to try doing the 15 minute timer and keeping my mind awake for 5 minutes afterwards. I set the timer for 15 minutes before going to sleep so it was already set. This morning, I noticed it was set for 45 seconds! I don't remember doing that! I could've done that in my sleep! I did a reality check to be sure I was awake and I was! I did the 15 minute timer and I even got into a trance while keeping my eyes open, so I need to be mindful about how I keep awake like that. I should be doing movement next time. I was hoping that I would catch it within that sleep cycle. I didn't. I think my body managed to get used to what I'm doing. I'm pretty sure it works if I do stuff that would get my body and mind out of sync so my mind wakes up while I'm still in sleep paralysis. After looking at yesterday's chart, I thought maybe if I missed sleep paralysis on the first cycle and don't recall any dreams, I could have not had any REM or very little and that it's now around the corner since I woke up. I set alarms and even though it reported REM, there was a brief period I was awake for a minute and a half and went right back into REM! I was thinking if this was the case again, I could set a 10 minute timer because I'll probably be in REM within that time and hopefully get REM within a couple minutes after waking up from the timer. I could then try to catch sleep paralysis happen again and maybe have a much longer lucid dream while hardly having to put up with any rollover signal! It didn't work today but I probably forgot during that time or didn't have REM. I don't know because Fitbit is currently down for maintenance and I can't check. I'll update this when I can. I'm going to try the 15 minute timer again but use a mantra as I go back to sleep right away. I'll pay attention to when I wake up and it's about an hour later. If I had no dream or a brief one, I think it's safe to assume I'll be in REM in around 10 minutes and I could try that. I think I'm going to start with not rolling over, but making slight and slow movements to get comfortable. I will allocate at least 5 minutes. If I miss it, I was either too awake or I didn't end up going back into REM. This would be another breakthrough if it worked! It would be an actual alternative to the stop, drop, and roll method which I found to be flawed according to my experience and what I read afterward. It sounded really promising with getting a 6 second urge surge, but it hasn't worked for me, but this might be something that actually works. What I should really do is take a little break so the method works again, but I want to keep trying with mixing it up.
