# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I naturally woke up around 6:40ish. When I got up to check my sleep chart for deep sleep and stuff, I found that my sleep wasn't logged at all! I ended up trying the timer method and failed multiple times. I didn't actually get very good sleep last night because the temperatures were much warmer than I was used to. Taking a cold shower held me around for a while, but eventually it got really warm and I had a really hard time staying asleep at night. This morning, I also had a hard time sleeping at least at first. It felt mostly dreamless, especially compared to yesterday. I have a feeling I may have only had like 40 minutes to an hour of REM. Probably not a lot. The temperature and stuff really sucked! Getting used to it is one thing, but I'm clearly not there yet. My last dream of the day was super vague and almost like I was watching it vs being in it. I guess it was like I was watching what I was doing in first person instead of being a part of it. Today really sucked as far as lucid dreaming is concerned. Part of being awake was trying to get my sleep chart to show up for around 10 minutes and getting worked up over it! I have a hard time even recalling the timers going off. I'm really hoping this is preparing me for better luck tomorrow.

I think the reason I didn't have a sleep chart is because my heart rate sensor wasn't working for some reason. There is supposed to be a rapidly blinking light on the bottom of the Fitbit indicating it's reading a heart rate. It wouldn't trigger no matter what I tried. I ended up looking up how to fix that and I think it involved simply doing a "soft" reset. It's almost like force shutting it down and restarting it. That fixed the heart rate sensor for me. I'm going to make sure it's clean too. I hope for better luck tomorrow. I apologize about sounding so negative about today, but even if I don't lucid dream, I feel like I'm getting somewhere pretty much every day, but I didn't feel any of that today when I usually do. 
