# Successful Attempt

I think I witnessed sleep paralysis once today. I've had it a few times since I lasted reported and haven't got a chance to report them, so that's what I'm doing now. I'm going to start with the earliest to most recent ones. The first experience I had was actually completely unplanned last Monday. I didn't attempt any WILDs or anything, but almost had a DEILD had I not accidentally woken up this time. I got unintentionally interrupted with sleep, so that could be a contributing factor to why it happened. Anyway, I sort of had the feeling of overthinking as soon as auditory hallucinations started kicking in. I was actually mostly fine until then. I was focusing on breathing, IMP, and actually trying to move at the same time. I could feel the bed covers move a little when moving my hand slightly back and forth. I woke up around that time when auditory hallucinations were happening.

Two days later, I tried again. I failed my initial WILD attempt, but witnessed it twice that day anyway. The first time, it happened only for a few seconds and I was already awake. I didn't re-enter because I almost had the excited feeling preventing that from happening. I think it was really more of an overthinking thing that caused the feeling. The second time, it lasted a bit longer, but I was once again fine until auditory hallucinations kicked in again. I realized I needed to revamp my approach because I'm overthinking once again and it just isn't working. I thought of multiple things, but of course, still had my doubts. I would get that feeling of butterflies in my stomach almost every time I would think about trying again. I remember even thinking next time, I will probably rather sleep than deal with how spontaneous everything is and try not to wake up. I now landed on what I think is the ultimate approach that I wish I had done a long time ago! I think it's pretty much the same as what I've done for years successfully. I'm going to take a leap of faith and focus on the hypnogogia as much as possible. I will be doing IMP if there isn't any hypnogogia yet. I might fail the first few times doing this, but assuming Daniel Love thinks this approach is a good idea, this is what I will probably be doing from now on. It's really simple, very much like what I used to do back when I was successful virtually every time (still need to log those), and I figure I can stop overthinking once I form a habit of doing this same thing every time. I'm always doing different things based on what happens and overthink trying to remember or think of what I want to do this time.  As soon as I came up with this idea, I started to feel really humble and I haven't been getting that feeling in my stomach ever since I think about trying this now. I will no longer care whether I'm successful and keep doing things this way. As far as overthinking goes, if I keep doing this every time, it will become a habit and there should never be a reason to overthink! Also, I can focus on the hypnogogia like I used to and have the feeling of fluency, momentum, and effortlessness all in one! I've been envious of being able to do that and not anymore. I think this will allow me to do that again! Anything beyond this is probably a natural occurrence and I will just take a leap of faith when it comes to those things. I wish I thought of this since the beginning of the year as I would probably have been having a 95-98% success rate into a lucid dream instead of 2-5%! I don't even feel like I have to rehearse anything anymore since this is the first time I'm now never going to change my approach again assuming this works!

I believe I witnessed it once today. I tried remembering this, but was overthinking and I believe I woke up right away. I honestly can't remember for sure. There is also a chance I thought I did and actually transitioned into a dream of trying to fall back to sleep too. I wasn't "awake" very long if I was at all. I think the most important thing to remember is that I'm taking a leap of faith and will have low expectations about whether I'm successful or not. That's what I'm going to keep trying in the future until I do that without thinking about it! I figure if I'm focused on hypnogogia, there is no reason to be shocked into wakefulness. I'm already much calmer thinking about trying this than whatever I was doing before. I always felt like I had to rehearse or "practice" what I would do, but none of that here! I will just rehearse through the attempts themselves. I will be minimizing the attention I put on my body, but I will still do what feels natural or at least not prevent the natural things from happening.
