# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis at least twice today, maybe three times! I took a melatonin and got to bed around the time I want to go to bed regularly! I was initially hoping to go to bed like an hour earlier than even that so I could hopefully remember dreams nearly every cycle like I did April 5th. I still set a smart alarm 5 hours and 40 minutes after going to bed. It didn't naturally wake me up. I don't remember. I'm pretty sure I was in the middle of a REM cycle. According to my sleep chart, I was in light sleep, but I remember having relatively vivid dreams around that time! I think it's possible it could have been in light sleep, but who knows. That chart probably isn't that accurate anyway. It only reported stuff before I checked it for the first time today, so that's all there is. Actually, I took a screenshot and took a leap of faith to have it regenerate the final sleep chart. It worked! I will show both of them and you can see the difference, especially with deep sleep calculations and when I had REM around 6. The first time, it didn't report that! I think it's accurate enough for most cases though. I think it will successfully recalculate as long as I have complete heart-rate data, which I did. Since I had woken up from REM rebound, I wasn't really sure what to do. I think I decided to perform that snoozing idea I was thinking of trying so I could maybe pinpoint REM rebound. The idea is I keep snoozing my alarm until it wakes me up from a dream. Then I can assume I will have REM rebound and try to fall asleep consciously within just a couple minutes! Each time I snooze, I would make sure I have awareness so I don't build a bad habit. I remind myself what I'm doing, keep track of how many times I've snoozed thus far, and determine if I woke up from a dream or not. Even if it's a dream I wouldn't remember, I would probably at that moment, or at least feel like I just woke up from a dream. Then I would fall asleep consciously.

Anyway, as I set the alarm or timer (can't remember), I got the rollover signal pretty quickly. I decided to get up and use the restroom since I had to anyway. Then I would do a short timer and try to fall asleep with awareness. Eventually, I had a brief dream about setting the timer on my microwave or something. Then I had sleep paralysis! I think I couldn't tell if it was actually happening at first, but I quickly determined it was. I told myself it was happening. About 5 seconds into it, I could hear laughing hallucinations. I think it almost sounded like Pam, who has been on the Youtube channel Doctor Mike. She has Tourette's and sometimes laughs uncontrollably, like what I heard in sleep paralysis. Actually, it might be more like some other people I know. The laughing happened for a few seconds, then it happened a couple seconds later again for a few seconds! I also thought about my friend doing that with his deep voice. I woke up unfortunately about 10 seconds into it. I was focusing on breathing for a little, then I must've been thinking about the hallucination and unconsciously held my breath. I thought it was kind of cool! At least I had hallucinations! Even back in the day, if I woke up by accident, it was always when I had auditory hallucinations within the first few seconds. I wonder if even back then, it was from holding my breath unconsciously. My sleep chart didn't report any more REM, but I probably had it before the first sleep paralysis around 7:23. There were like two more times I would've had it if I didn't wake up from it. I guess waking up from it allows me to completely miss a potential cycle of REM since I did interrupt it, but naturally while mentally awake.

When I woke up, I knew it would take a little to fall back to sleep, so I lied on my back, which I found makes me fall asleep a little quicker if I eventually go back on my side a little later. It was uncomfortable at first, but quickly became comfortable within seconds! I also set my alarm for about a half hour later to snooze again. I probably snoozed like 3 or 4 times. Can't remember, but I tracked it as I was doing it. Eventually, I had sleep paralysis again! I barely just remembered that I had snoozed right before! At first, I wasn't sure once again, but I remember almost feeling dizzy for a split-second and thought maybe it was possible! It did happen for about 5 seconds this time! It didn't feel like it slowly started like it did February 12th. I also felt like I was awake nearly the entire time! I was thinking maybe I succeeded with REM rebound or something. Anyway, when I woke up, my alarm had 6 minutes left! That means I had snoozed 3 minutes prior and remembered doing it! That gives me faith in being able to do it if I successfully target REM! I don't remember the rollover signal happening or anything. I think I just got comfortable after snoozing and things happened very quickly! Even if I woke up, I still have hope in that working! I might be able to try that tomorrow, assuming I can squeeze it within 1 cycle that happens before I have to actually get up. I think I will probably get up early during that time so I don't risk getting up from REM again like I did last time I tried that. It sucks when I have to get up for the day being in the middle of REM! Probably for the same reason REM rebound happens so quickly! I decided to try for a third time. I remember as I was drifting back to sleep, I must've had hypnogogic imagery or something. I kept imagining random stuff, like being out in our field in the woods. There was kids there, and I was using adrenaline supposedly to pull them away from something dangerous. I was lying there the entire time, but it's almost like I was watching a dream of that or imagining it very vividly. I still felt awake. I think it was hypnogogic imagery. I don't know what triggered it. I don't remember actually seeing what was happening, but I could've been randomly imagining it vividly too. I have sort of a picture of where it would've happened. I really don't think it was a dream. It did happen multiple times as I was drifting to sleep. I also occasionally had the split-second pulsing sensation each time the alarm went off and I tossed and turned. Ironically, I felt awake pretty much the entire time, even with the imagery!

Anyway, when I felt like I was very likely entering sleep paralysis a third time with the pulsing happening like probably 8 times within two seconds, my alarm goes off and I wake up from it. I didn't feel like I was asleep, but I really think it would've happened a third time if it didn't go off! Would that count as a third time? It could've been going for around 2 seconds. I've either had it 31 or 32 times this year depending on whether that counted. Now that I think about it, there might be other similar instances this year where I might have not counted it. I had that feeling like if it happened, I would not miss it! Clearly, that's what happened! The first one was dream initiated, but I don't think the other ones were. I don't remember any rollover signal either time, so maybe they actually were too. I think it's pretty fitting it would possibly happen 3 times for the first time this year on the night I took melatonin on 4/20! Unlike 7/19 last year, I didn't enter a lucid dream literally every time, and am not sure if it happened 2 or 3 times. It for sure happened three times that day and I don't think my dream was shortened because of it. There were quite a few times I had a split-second dizziness where it could've possibly happened, but I got too excited or something. I feel like this alarm thing could definitely make it happen more, but I don't want to risk building a tolerance by doing that all the times, even though I might be able to. I think the chemistry was in my favor today, except for when I kept waking up. My body wants me to not be awake when it happens, but it probably realized it screwed up with that like three times today! You can imagine with that happening a lot, I could fail to see a false awakening when I think I accidentally woke up and managed not to. I had a hard time remembering to breath comfortably. That's possibly all I should have focused on. Tomorrow, I might try that alarm thing where I give myself at least a half hour start if I remember waking up from a dream prior.
