# Failed Attempt

I failed today. My sleep has been so screwed up lately that I really need to focus on getting back on track. I have a lot of stuff to do today, so I'm questioning how good my bed time is going to be tonight. I'm really going to try to get back to a 12:30 or earlier schedule. I keep saying that, but as you can see, it can be harder than one would think. I naturally woke up a little after 6. I was worried about deep sleep and stuff and felt really tired that I ended up not bothering with anything today. I wanted to originally get up a little earlier, but that didn't happen. The last thing I wanted was to get into a REM cycle and be in the middle of it with the amount of time I had. I was awake during most of my light sleep after 7. I've gone to bed late the past couple days that I think my body is used to having REM happen later in the day before getting up. I got up early, so I hardly had any of it. If I buckle down today, I can maybe get a reasonable bed time, but I seriously have doubts about that. I noticed I had a light sleep chunk for 30 seconds. If only I knew that would happen, I could have probably done a WILD because it would've happened so quickly. If I did it during REM rebound, I would actually try to not move. Since I fall asleep too quickly most of the time, I could try using the rollover signal to keep myself awake in the first place. Rather than trying to stay completely still, I would stay relatively still and make sure there isn't any tension throughout my body, that I feel comfortable (aside from urge), and that I maintain awareness I guess by paying attention to what I'm experiencing and stuff. I could expect sleep paralysis to happen as it typically does. If I did it right, it would happen quickly in that case. That's something I'm going to try after messing around my idea regarding the timer.
