# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I'm feeling pretty confident in how reliable doing the snoozing thing is, especially if there was a break in between or something. Maybe my thought process should be if it doesn't work the first time not because of deep sleep, it probably isn't the best day to do it. If it works at all, it seems to always work the first cycle I try this. When I woke up this morning, I woke up a couple hours earlier than my first smart alarm was actually planned to go off. I decided to wait until it would go off. Based on how long a cycle is, it looked like the right amount of time for the smart alarm to go off. I almost wish I had just started at that time even though it was so early. I did have most of my deep sleep during that time though. If I would have thought of starting after like 30 minutes, I could've brought myself to a long REM cycle. First, I'm going to focus on getting a regular WILD or something before I would bother starting to do things that early. When I woke up at the expected time, I noticed most of my alarms were off, including one meant for getting up for the day! Just one! I don't remember doing any of that! Fortunately, I didn't shut all of them off, but still! I was so tired, I didn't even want to do it in the first place. I do also remember checking my sleep chart and saw how much light sleep I had "built" up before REM. I knew REM was around the corner. With the mood I was in, I decided to just go to sleep. I might have also set a later alarm, I don't remember actually. That's proof of how tired I was. I decided since I was able to actually sleep in tomorrow, why not get more sleep today and increase the chances of getting it multiple times tomorrow with a better bed time than last night?

When I woke up for the last cycle, I wasn't as tired, so I decided to maybe casually try it that time. I modified my interval app so it would intervate (interval + vibrate) once after about a minute. Since I'm pretty sure my breathing was screwing me up during REM rebound, I thought since it takes about a minute to get into REM with REM rebound normally, why not have it intervate after a minute and see if I would happen to catch myself in the middle of sleep paralysis to induce a WILD. I snoozed a couple times and started the app by pressing the button and not really moving that much. I think my thought process pretty much shut down after that. I remember being in a dream a couple times later and eventually thought about how I don't remember the interval timer going off! I think it could have actually gone off in that moment! Otherwise, I might have thought about it and it was emulated within the dream. Either way, I ended up in sleep paralysis that moment! I only snoozed like twice and could barely think either time! Clear proof that snoozing has the right kind of effect for a dream initiated sleep paralysis! Unfortunately, I woke up like 5 seconds into it. I think I did deep breathing, but too lazily to where it built-up tension. NO laziness! Even if I feel like I move a little breathing deep lying on the side, I should do whatever happens and not in a lazy way. I just remember the pulsing sensation for about 5 seconds. According to the fact I think I snoozed twice, the timing does add up to it happening in REM rebound! It might have actually happened, but I'm not sure. Another idea besides trying to induce sleep paralysis a minute later would be to ensure I will feel the vibration in the dream. I could do a mantra like I will feel the vibration that would go off a minute or two later and become lucid that way! According to the sleep chart, it doesn't look like that could have happened at all, but it might have. Hard to say with the fact that I was in a dream for what felt like 30 seconds before ending up in sleep paralysis. Could REM rebound have happened so quickly, the sleep chart didn't even report 30 seconds? It's possible, but hard to say for sure. I feel like if I use snoozing to aim for REM rebound and not accidental sleep paralysis, it seems to work better. If I know I should be snoozing a couple times, I'm usually relatively awake. If I notice myself becoming sleepy in not a very long time, that could be a sign I need to wake myself more! It might help to not toss and turn until about a minute later, considering I could have woken up from REM without realizing it, but also to practice overall awareness. Anyway, I'm going to try going to bed around 12:30 and start early enough tomorrow.
