# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis twice today! I took a melatonin in attempt to go to bed at least an hour earlier than typically. Unfortunately, it didn't work out that way. Apparently, my sleep chart starts reporting around 10 minutes after I get into bed. It was still a bit earlier, so that was nice. I think I woke up at least once in the middle of the night around 2:20. The same thing happened around 4:30 (after a REM cycle I think). I decided to wait a cycle before doing anything. I set a smart alarm for about an hour and forty after I had woken up there. I wanted to make sure I would wake up my next cycle but not too early either. I was going to do it a cycle earlier than I have been lately, but I didn't go to bed as early as I originally planned. My procrastination sucks right now. I had a dream before waking up again. I felt like I would probably enter deep sleep after looking at my sleep chart, so I waited another cycle. I dealt with Fitbit being frustrating with synchronization of the sleep chart just like every time I check it. It was around 7:20 when I woke up again. Unfortunately, my sleep chart didn't report correctly, so I might have to clean the sensor or something. I did the 10 + 10 timer where I went back to sleep for 10 minutes, then kept my mind awake for 10 minutes. After the timer was up, it felt like so much more than 10 minutes because I fell asleep really quickly with melatonin even though my Fitbit was being the most stubborn it's been so far! I was awake for what felt like quite a while! Unfortunately, my REM cycles weren't mixed up like I was hoping it would be so I would feel awake and asleep at the same time. I think it might only work if I've gotten myself used to the 15 minute timer, or I went to bed earlier or most likely, I didn't take melatonin, which makes it more consistent. I don't think I'm going to take it again for a little while because I will start messing with my idea with the original timer method that I've been dying to try out!

Within the cycle that took place at most of 8, I had my first sleep paralysis of the day. I felt like I was awake for a long time prior and that I might have even been awake until sleep paralysis started! I think I fell asleep sometime in between, but it sure didn't feel like it! It felt like the pulsing in my head started really slow, but when I kept focusing, it would speed up to the usual speed. Most of the time, I'm lying on my right side when it happens, but this time it was left so it felt a little different. Anyway, I must've made it about 40 seconds into it before waking up. I had some auditory hallucinations while having it and I usually end up waking up when that happens, even within the last few years when I entered a dream nearly every time! The hallucination was of a whistle like you would hear at a circus. It reminded me of Clifford for some reason, which I watched as a kid. I just realized it accompanied music like the music of the start of the dream Mr. Howell had on Gilligan's Island on the Sweepstakes episode. I noticed the time was about what time I would have expected to wake up with how long a cycle usually is. I think it naturally concluded anyway, so I don't think I did anything wrong besides timing. I decided to try it for one more cycle. It was around 8:50. I did the cardio thing a second time without doing an initial 10 minute timer. I swear I had it again within what felt like a couple minutes after the timer to stay awake was up. This was within 40 minutes of the first one! I felt like I was imagining it happen while lying there at some random moment. When that happens, I get that feeling like I can get it any time and that I can't miss it. It's super weird because I don't feel that way most of the time, even when I get it once! I suspect it was around 9:20 when it happened again. This time, I felt like I woke up, but thinking about it, I think it was a false awakening once again. For the first time ever, I had the sensation of my eyes opening while in it! I thought the most shocking part was that I didn't feel like it was causing me to mess up. I heard someone else had that happen too and I think Daniel Love said it's likely hypnogogic imagery from it. It was a hallucination of it opening and not it actually opening. I think that's what happened to me. It's pretty exciting to get sleep paralysis, but it doesn't truly start to get exciting until about 35-40 seconds into it when hallucination side effects start happening! The steps I followed today both times to make sure I didn't wake up were: make sure there's no tension throughout my body and quickly, but effortlessly correct it if there is; make sure I feel relaxed and comfortable with my position (as it should feel comfortable while it happens); and maintain awareness, which I still failed at! I'm going to try focusing more on the sensations. I remember during my first one, I practically lost awareness as the audio hallucination was happening, but I somehow caught it last second. Now I get why it is so easy to lose awareness. 

I thought I woke up, but I think it was another false awakening, which felt kind of long! I thought it was about 10:30 when waking up, but it was really about 9:30! Amazing how the mind can fool a person in such a short time! I should've known I was dreaming when I was using my Sony voice recorder and it happened to remotely be controlling a computer running Windows 10! I think when I hit the record button, that was like pressing the space bar or something. This is like the first false awakening that wasn't really that scary out of what happened lately! The reason it would be scary is because I think I woke up, but dream like things are still happening, like my alarm clock obeying what I'm saying in English, in a weird way. I'm still glad what happened happened because even though the 10 + 10 timer didn't work as planned, it still resulted in what I really wanted to get! Tomorrow, I will try that idea out. I may not post a sleep chart until I've tried it at least a couple times just because it might indicate what I did.
