# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I woke myself up before and after the timer. I went to bed really late again, but exercise definitely helped me sleep after doing work that normally keeps me awake for quite a while and even wakes me up in the middle of the night. You'll notice that when I did, it happened BEFORE my first deep sleep cycle; it's usually after. I had my alarm for 7 and used 30 minute smart alarm. I woke up within a minute of the smart alarm, so that was cool. I checked my phone and after the timer, got up again and even did a minor exercise to wake myself up. I still fell asleep quickly, but probably slower than yesterday (remember mind is awake during some of light sleep). I should've been paying more attention to that. Maybe tomorrow. I will mentally rehearse before going to sleep and if I miss it, I will try to pay attention to buzzing in head after getting comfortable. When I suspected I woke up, I had a really long dream and I tried staying pretty still for about 10 minutes. Wtihin a few minutes of that, my alarm went off for the day. I should've been more awake after the timer was up. I need to pay attention to how quickly I'm falling asleep. Ideally, I shouldn't do this every day, but I want to see if I can since the buzzing in my head after missing it can greatly stack the odds in my favor. If it feels quick pretty much right away, that's a sign I need to wake myself up more. I had REM and probably didn't even wake up after that first REM cycle, but I would have if I was more awake and maybe even went into sleep paralysis before that. Tomorrow, I will make sure I am more awake. I'll also see if it's possible to go to bed closer to two hours earlier just by doing tiring exercises before that.
