# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I took a melatonin and ended up going to bed around 1:30 like last time. I took a melatonin by the way. I talk about sleep paralysis in the fourth paragraph. Throughout the week, I went to bed on around 3 on average, some nights, later. My sleep has been extremely mixed up with all the stuff that has been going on lately. I decided to take a break from trying to induce sleep paralysis and stuff. I promise I'm not dead or sick or anything. If I don't indicate I'm taking a break and it takes more than a month before journaling again, it might be safe to assume I'm dead, but it might still be unlikely. My Fitbit malfunctioned yesterday night unfortunately. I woke up yesterday morning and found it wasn't working. I've tried everything to bring it back, but nothing works. I'm hoping to get another replacement since my first one that failed after roughly the same amount of time. I'm starting to not be a fan of the Ionic. I bet another one I get will fail around the same time again. There are even theories out there that say Ionic is using a sorry, not sorry motto. I think both times it failed for me, it's always a little before or a little after warranty expires. Could that be a coincidence, or could there be a little more to it than that? Regardless, I'm going to upgrade to the Sense if I can't get my current one replaced like the first time around 2019. If this happens to have an issue within 3 years at least, or a little more, I think I'm going to be done with Fitbit because they've taken years off my life with other technical issues I've had with it in the past. I might either do a different brand smartwatch, or go with an old-fashioned one that can charge through movement.

The main reason I've been taking a break is because I would rather wait to get back on track with sleep before trying again since bed time would happen on average in between 3-5 pretty much every night. I also started to fall in love with focusing on dream recall again. I completely forgot how much I used to like doing that! It made it so my dream recall skyrocketed for me! It was the level of detail where it would take over 2 hours to type it all on the computer if I wanted to reference everything I was able to recall. I now try to write down triggering points, enough to where I can still recall most details after referencing it later. That might take 10-20 minutes instead. I haven't really done it lately, but probably should since I have most things from recently in my head yet. It took almost a half hour to write down just bullet or main points from the night I had dreams nearly every sleep cycle (4-5-21). I had basic sleep charts that day and weird dreams about sleep charts that even include moments where I was supposedly near death. It had a bunch of fun icons for each of the classifications. I supposedly had all types throughout the night! Anyway, that's an example of a bullet point I wrote down that day out of several.

Anyway, thinking about as many dream details as possible each time I wake up (doesn't have to be writing, which minimizes sleep disruption while having great effect), it made my dreams so much more vivid when falling back to sleep a couple more times! I really only remembered to do it one day each potential cycle, but remembering to do it the other cycles would've certainly helped other days. When I woke up a day I actually got to bed earlier than average around that time, I forgot what day of the week it was getting up for the day! I thought it was Sunday when it was really Thursday! I think doing this is a great way to escape to the dream world for a while! I know it's probably not the same as reality shifting, but I would consider it reality shifting for myself even though I know it's regular dreaming and still potentially lucid if I have a DILD. It's probably the same thing if not similar to what reality shifters are trying to achieve. Technically, it's a type of dream, but it can still feel like a temporary escape from reality, which feels nice! Having dream problems or dream related things allows me to forget about life's problems, which actually feels really nice! I forgot how much I used to love doing that! If I wanted to do that while increasing the chances of becoming lucid (not every day is great for that when I want to focus on sleep), I could think about what I can recall, but think of places where I could have become lucid and change the plot while also thinking about how I would have done what I want to try in a lucid dream. I didn't do that, but I could have if I wanted.

This morning, I was going to try falling asleep consciously by snoozing my alarm until I wake up from a dream. Then I would get comfortable and maintain awareness until the rollover signal kicks in. I'd probably focus on breathing and practice suppressing the adrenaline feeling I normally get that causes me to wake up from sleep paralysis accidentally. I've been practicing that at random times from time to time. Anyway, when the rollover signal kicks in, then I would ignore it, but not worry about trying to maintain awareness anymore. I would either do some dream recall and maybe change plots so I have lucidity, or think about what I want to lucid dream about in general next time I'm lucid. That should cause me to drift pretty quickly, especially if I'm lazy trying to remember that stuff! I would do this all while ignoring the rollover signal, but also not trying to maintain awareness. I'd still try to catch myself when getting in a trance because I could catch myself in sleep paralysis one of the times. I think it would be a great way to achieve a good balance between maintaining awareness and trying too hard and not falling asleep at all. Back in the day, especially when I got sleep paralysis 3 times in one day, all I really did was think about what I wanted to dream about and caught myself whenever I got into a trance or stopped thinking about that. Catching myself can be hard, but with the right intention, it's not super hard to do. I would try doing that while ignoring the rollover signal! I think that could work really well. I think today, I snoozed a little more than I should have (had dreams between multiple snoozes). I had a dream and woke up naturally about 3 minutes after I had last snoozed. It took a long time to fall back to sleep. I don't have my sleep chart to see what happened unfortunately. I kept getting the rollover signal, but it was taking a long time to fall asleep even with snoozing, so I decided to give up on that part since I could still get it accidentally, as I did today! After a while, I find it intolerable. I would rather fall asleep and have a regular dream with decent recall than to potentially have an amazing WILD and wait a while! I am still having the aim for WILD shoot for DILD if missed motto (as Daniel Love says). The ultimate goal is the same, so it really doesn't matter which!

Anyway, I woke up multiple times and was dreaming again before I knew it! Kind of like what happened February 19th where I felt awake and asleep at the same time. I bet my REM was split up really weird! Of course, an interesting thing has to happen when I can't reference my sleep chart! It seems to only ever happen then! Anyway, I remember having a dream where I somehow knew it was going to happen soon. I believe it happened within 10 seconds of that! My primary focus was to breathe while maintaining the pulsing sensation since I can use that to gauge it. I wasn't thinking about trying to lie still or do things with ease or anything, but I did pretty good with that anyway. I didn't notice tingling at all. There were several times where the pulsing felt like it stopped, but calmly easing my breathing back to a regular rate would bring it back. I had that oddly satisfying rhythm thing happen when it would come back. It would slowly sort of stop, and slowly sort of come back like 3 seconds later. It was almost like listening to a good song when that happened! I found that oddly satisfying! I think part of it was not just the rhythm still being normal when it came back, but the fact it was still happening in the first place or something. I can't describe why I like that so much. I think that could be part of it. I accidentally woke up after probably about a minute later! Clearly, what I'm doing works because I usually accidentally wake up in a matter of seconds if I haven't had it for a while because I forget what I'm supposed to do (to not wake up) and probably panic a little. Today, none of that happened, despite how long it was since I last had it. I cannot believed how relaxed I felt while it happened! I remember feeling like I was on my back at one point. I was reminding myself to pay attention to how to handle slow breathing while working against gravity. I didn't really worry about it and just kept breathing with the pulsing. I felt so relaxed, I eventually forgot I was doing it in the first place! When the pulsing sensation felt like it stopped, I remembered again and eased into a good rate and the pulsing sensation came back again! I had some brief audio hallucinations towards the middle. It's kind of hard to remember what happened, but I think it was like a second or two of talking. I remember also feeling kind of awake and it didn't feel like audio hallucinations would happen any time soon. I did everything with ease, even when forgetting I was trying to maintain good breathing! I think with how mixed up my REM cycles were and stuff, it would have probably ended anyway. I was at the point where I thought I would have been in a dream by now. I remembered about how long it used to take and that I was at that point in that moment! I woke up though when sort of seeing if I was. Normally when I wake up accidentally, I will feel a split-second adrenaline rush, but that didn't happen today! I almost think I would have woken up anyway.

Tomorrow, I'm probably going to focus on dream recall and have a slightly earlier bed time than last night. I'm not going to focus on trying to get sleep paralysis. I think I will do that Wednesday. I'm going to actually try going to bed around 11 while taking melatonin! I tried that last night, but failed. I'm going to do stuff tomorrow to try making it work out! I want the weird side effects of going to bed much earlier like that! It would be cool to wake up at 12 already having had a dream!
