# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I actually had it one other time without planning on it. I'll talk about that time first. I think it happened because I was naturally less tired in the morning, probably from going to bed earlier if I remember correctly. Unfortunately, it only lasted about three seconds if not less. I became a member on Lucid Dream Portal and now participate in the exclusive Telegram chat in which Daniel Love appears in when he happens to be on it! Anyway, some people on there get sleep paralysis as well and experience the same sensations I do basically. One person even had it twice yesterday! I'm obviously not going to get into their stories because it's a private chat, but one can become a member on Lucid Dream Portal YouTube channel and get access to that. My brother and I are both in there (Zins). Last time, I was pretending to show one of them who had it recently, my experience as it was happening and I think I got excited from doing that or something.

Lately, I've either been not really doing anything or I've been focusing on dream recall and falling asleep before I really even get started doing that. I've also had deep sleep happen during my normal WBTB times or waking up naturally. Lately, I've been exercising more and making it happen earlier in the night and that has made all the difference! Deep sleep while doing dream recall can work, but I'm more likely to accidentally fall asleep too early or drift way too easy, but remembering to open my eyes and stuff while doing it can make all the difference! I feel less tired too, but can still fall asleep easy! It's unbelievably easier when making deep sleep not happen during those last couple cycles! I only recently fixed that, so I've been doing dream recall lately. Yesterday, I spent almost an entire hour just mentally recalling details from dreams I had within a single 44 minute REM cycle! I fell asleep very quickly before that, did some brief dream recall from prior dream before falling asleep, and had no red tick marks on my sleep chart during light sleep at all. I was out, but still had good dream recall! I even dreamt about trying to do dream recall and having vivid dreams from doing that and falling asleep very quickly. I thought I was awake doing that, when this entire time, I was actually dreaming, which made it feel like hours! The setting was very different thinking about it now! It was in a place hybrid of my church and my old bedroom from 6+ years ago! This is back when I had a bunk bed! I did have a dream within a dream while attempting that instantly, but I can't believe I was actually dreaming all this time! Yeah I must've remembered most of what happened because I was just lying there spending almost an hour purely recalling details mentally as they came to me. My sleep chart reports I was awake for 47 minutes doing that. Then I had an hour of light sleep, a little deep sleep towards the end, and a little more light sleep with no REM over the course of almost two and a half hours! I bet if I didn't try to recall everything, I could have had a little more REM for the rest of the day. I was way past the diminishing return point of being able to dream more and amount of dream recall. I might need to limit how much I do that if I have that much recall. I did that in hopes my next dream would also be very detailed, but there's definitely a diminishing return point of doing that. I'd say probably no more than 15 minutes of doing that. I could have fallen asleep probably within 5 minutes if I just went back to sleep and would have most certainly eventually had more REM within 2 hours! Anyway, to today's sleep paralysis experience as it was big time progress as I would say! I did the snoozing method during my last cycle and stopped even before I'm sure I had REM. It worked anyway!

I didn't quite make it into a dream, but I knew I was very close! I told Daniel Love about my experience two times ago now and he said to just let things happen instead of trying to breathe deeply. That is what I used to do when I was successful at turning it into a lucid dream as you can see back last November and will see when I report July 19th last year all three times in that day! I literally just did it without any effort! Even in November, my legs felt like they were moving, my alarm was going off, and I had a gag reflex or intense urge to swallow and only made the motion without actually doing it as I didn't want to wake up from it. Despite all that, it still turned into a lucid dream successfully even though I could still feel the alarm in the dream itself! I think it's about avoiding the adrenaline feeling as I literally moved my head a couple times ago (reported May 18th entry) with my eyes open and was still hallucinating audio for 10 seconds after physically moving my head all the way to my alarm clock next to my bed! Anyway, I did not do anything special with breathing and still made it 40 seconds in! Even if I expect to wake up and freak out about it, as long as I can avoid the adrenaline/excitement feeling, I think I can still enter a lucid dream without waking up in that case. It's nothing more than avoiding that feeling as evidence from my previous experiences have shown. Even accidentally moving my hand or legs (before fully paralyzed) might not be enough to accidentally wake up! Anyway, the first thing I told myself right away was to not overthink it, which worked really well! I think I also reminded myself how I can do it while sleeping without thinking at all! I now tell myself to pretend I'm sleeping and maintain awareness. It's really nothing more than that! Even if I was first doing it and made other mistakes, I can pretty much guarantee I would be able to successfully lucid dream after only a couple times vs almost 50 times this year now. You all know that I overcomplicate everything. That should have been my senior quote!

I think the mistake I made today still involved breathing. I noticed I was deep in thought and talking to myself about random things really. I also noticed I could sort of hear myself as an auditory hallucination. It didn't really feel like an audio hallucination, but almost did more than doing that in waking life. I also noticed pressure in my head when the pulsing sensation was happening, which I've never noticed the pressure before. I also had a sense of where I was interestingly. It had nothing to do with my dreams prior to it in my last 13 minute REM cycle. I'm sure it could have been longer if I didn't mess up. I actually noticed I was practically holding my breath and pretty much not breathing at all. I think I was a little, but hardly. Eventually, I think I had the adrenaline feeling from trying to catch my breath. I think that's where it went wrong about 40 seconds into it. I could literally feel how close I was to turning it into a lucid dream! I didn't do anything special really, except control my excitement and not deep breathing. There were multiple times it felt like it stopped, but I assumed it didn't, and it didn't during those times. I think next time, I need to maybe breathe just a little deeper so I'm not short on breath. I will also ask Daniel Love next time I notice he's chatting on the Telegram chat while I'm on it. If i don't get an answer, I will breathe slightly deeper, not that much though. I will also practice doing it for a couple minutes as I'm going to sleep just to practice a little. I'll also pretend my snoozed alarm going off is sleep paralysis for the first 10 seconds and rehearse on the spot like that, which I would say definitely helped today! I had this immense sense of calmness that usually doesn't happen, so I think I was definitely in the right direction! I went to bed a little earlier than lately and my REM was unpredictable today. Yesterday's was more predictable up until after the last one from being awake for so long.

I guess I will mention a dream I had right before it as I thought it was super interesting and missed a dream sign unfortunately. Next time I recall dreams, I will remember to change the plot of this so it's a lucid dream. I should do that with really any obvious dream signs I missed. That's one good way to get in tune with that! I dreamt I was taking a walk at one in the morning, not sure why. Anyway, it was sunny out despite that! I checked my phone clock to confirm it was actually in the middle of the night, and it was! I remembered when I was almost pulling an all-nighter earlier this month until about 5:30 in the morning and there was already daylight outside! It was that, except the sun was out and the sky was blue at one in the morning! I was trying to film all of this happening, but my camera wasn't in selfie view and even when I got it finally, I accidentally bumped it back to the front facing camera. I also noticed my battery was low. Me freaking out about recording it before the battery died was probably why I accidentally got it on front view again. I was like screw it, I'll have that face myself and hope I'm aiming right. The battery went from 6 to 1 percent within seconds of doing that! My phone has a pretty good battery and would never do that right now! I recently saw a video where a phone battery charged to 100% from I think 0 in just like 10 or 15 seconds! All I could think about when watching that is how rough it is on the battery. Anyway, my battery drained in a similar way. I hit record and was talking about how the sun was positioned where it was at one in the morning and how there was a full moon that was bright like at night about I think 50ish degrees (not radians) from that. I noticed it had stopped recording on it's own presumably for battery saving, so I just hoped I got enough footage to demonstrate what was happening! I also dreamt about hitting a tennis ball against the wall either before or after that and I kept doing trick shots where I threw the racket to hit the ball. I kept missing and people were watching, but I literally told them it usually works, for some reason. No idea why I said that. Anyway, that felt like a while and I noticed I hit it from one wall to the other and didn't remember actually hitting it. I couldn't actually tell if it was me who hit it until it quickly bounced off towards me. I obviously missed it and tried throwing the racket to get it back again. Anyway, I think the walking dream eventually brought me to sleep paralysis, but I'm positive this all happened within my last 13 minute REM cycle where I got up for the day. I'll post yesterday's chart so you can see there are no red tick marks between light and the last 44 minute (43 and 30) REM cycle. I felt awake for a little while, but it might've not actually been more than 5 minutes in reality. Part of the dream could have made me remember things that way as well. I did not remember falling asleep at all and couldn't believe when I woke up!
