# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today. I will journal the next experiences, hopefully leading up to today, because I consider today major progress and it may lead to not having any more problems in the future! I have immense confidence and calmness about it! Every other time, I was lacking it somewhat, not exactly sure if I found the problem, but this time, I don't even feel like I need hope or luck in the future for success! Having the kind of confidence that leads to not needing luck or hope is what one should be aiming for. Approaches to anything in general I think should be re-aimed until that is achieved. Things are either going to work, or they aren't, so hope and luck are just an outlook and one shouldn't be entirely dependent on that, which will likely happen when an actual problem is figured out. Hope and luck only needs to exist for MORE problems existing, not whether this one is solved or not. Just my thoughts on that, so let's get to the experiences again.

The next one (which I have journaled now), is one that started from a dream of Daniel Love talking to me on the telephone saying how important it is to target specific neurons. I looked at my journal, and this is when that dream actually happened, not what was in the previous journal. The events happened, but I got confused on when until I looked at the actual journal. It isn't where the Target scene happened. When it first started, my mind felt weird, like it was actually about to start. It lasted a little over 30 seconds, and I think I was overthinking breathing. I caught my breath with extremely low effort, but I think I needed to just a little bit more. At least, that's what I thought at the time. My hand felt like it randomly slid, which was part of the process I think. It feels super weird when it rubs against the bed texture. There were auditory hallucinations of a bunch of people talking (like at a party), like there often is. Looking at it now, I think I had a minor drift of awareness and shocked myself into wakefulness.

The next one involved witnessing sleep paralysis before the REM cycle even started! I felt aware the entire time and was doing the trick I believe I discussed in the previous journal. The experience lasted about 20 seconds. The pulsing sensation was kind of dying down, but imagining my body was moving to the left in the current position increased intensity of the pulsing sensation. I think the ultimate reason for waking up once again was a minor drift in awareness and the shock getting back into it. I should be able to have immense relaxation with great focus. I believe that's what used to happen.

This one was the next day where I witnessed it twice! Unfortunately, I woke up both times though. The first time, it was just getting started and I somehow woke up from that. I think it was from a shock of awareness way too soon. I should've relaxed more that time. The second time, it lasted about 10 seconds and had auditory hallucinations nearly the entire time. I had initial adrenaline, which was fine, but I eventually had another one and it actually woke me up. I need to assume that any form of adrenaline won't do anything, especially if I was calmly doing what felt natural. Look at last November and see all the crazy stuff that happened, and despite that, I entered a lucid dream properly either way.

A few days later, I had sleep paralysis completely unplanned. This was after Daniel answered my questions on a live stream of waking up. He was pretty critical about how I was handling things, but those are the things that were screwing me up as the next couple times will show. I needed to address the reality of it. The first question on the livestream starts at 29:08 or https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlZ70lWzeQ0&t=1748s should bring you to that. The other questions are later super chats within this video (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlZ70lWzeQ0&t=2120s, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlZ70lWzeQ0&t=2468s, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlZ70lWzeQ0&t=2999s). The moral of this is to be super chill about it and avoid overthinking, which was a blockage unintentionally created! Overthinking is ultimately what caused all the problems. Remember one doesn't need to consciously think at all when it naturally happens without witnessing it! The same should be replicated when actually witnessing it. I also occasionally do MILD by the way. Watch his video, which I linked in the entry before this I believe. If done properly, I would say it can be at least as effective as WILDs being done properly if one gets super good at identifying dream signs essentially. There are a ton that happen, so identifying the right types of dream signs are a good target as well for DILDs. Listen to that a lot more than you're listening to me about this especially!

Anyway, it was really cool because it was unplanned and worked out really well. After listening to his answers, I felt really confident I could do it without accidentally waking up, unlike any time before! I was randomly thinking about not waking up in a dream on a day I was just catching up on sleep, and I either snapped into sleep paralysis, or I was attempting a WILD; can't entirely remember that part. Either way, it was emulated within the dream itself. It started out with chaotic auditory hypnogogia and when I was calmly reminding myself to remain chill, suddenly the hypnogogia changed to Daniel Love's voice telling me to remain chill and stuff exactly how I was telling myself about it! I think the thoughts directly influenced that! It changed from being chaotic to that like how one changes a TV channel. I felt like I was about to get a spinning sensation, but I avoided waking up and still entered a dream! I thought about the experience during the dream, but I didn't piece that I was in a dream. I've gotten so hung up on waking up that I just thought it was part of that and kind of disassociate it with lucid dreaming! I definitely have to bring the associations back! I eventually woke up from the dream, humbly happy about what happened. This made me even more confident about next time when I actually attempt to have a WILD!

The next day, I attempted a WILD again and witnessed sleep paralysis once. It started with auditory hallucinations and eventually changed to visual. I was focusing on breathing and occasionally caught myself holding it in naturally. I caught myself doing this multiple times and just went with the flow. The visual hallucination was vague imagery of a wall clock. The experience lasted about a minute, which was a lot longer than I'm used to and what I thought it would be. Eventually, I thought I woke up, considering how vague the visual imagery was, but I had actually entered a dream! It lasted longer than I'm used to because it was the start of REM and not in the middle like literally every other time I've done this! One can imagine if they were already in a dream, re-entering wouldn't take nearly as long as when first starting a dreaming cycle. I thought I couldn't handle lying there for so long in it, but I actually entered the dream and didn't do anything wrong! I defied my expectations again and assumed I would accidentally wake up, but I didn't. I think that's a good mentality to have to take a lot of pressure off and chill while taking a leap of faith! In the dream, I didn't get lucid because I had a super hard time convincing myself it was a dream. I did several reality tests, but none of them worked because I had a hard time attaching expectation. Even trying to get my reflection in the mirror to punch me just didn't work because I was so convinced I was awake. The dream wasn't super long, but I still missed dream signs, like blood on the wall, carrying a towel that was a different towel than the ones hanging up (green vs orange), etc. I couldn't believe it! I actually had REM this time according to the sleep chart! I think I accidentally prolonged when it would naturally start though as that's probably why it ended early. It probably ended when it would've otherwise ended naturally according to the sleep rhythm. Anyway, that was cool! Had a bunch of non-lucids that day afterward.

The following day, the attempt failed, probably because my mind was jacked up and it prolonged when deep sleep happened and resulted in it happening while attempting, which probably screwed up the attempt. Had a bunch of vivid dreams either way though, so can't complain a whole lot. The time after that, had a dream where I was in a store and it eventually turned into sleep paralysis. I failed the WILD, probably for prolonging timing again and staying awake longer than I should've, but that happened either way. I had the feeling of being overwhelmed trying not to wake up in the sleeping position I was in. I should've went with the flow and increased my breathing as that feeling was probably coming from a slight shortness of breath. Should've just done what felt natural. I was bummed out about that, but I didn't move and within about 15 seconds, sleep paralysis began again! I had a chance for a DEILD! I didn't even think of that and didn't move just because I didn't feel like it. I still woke up after around the same amount of time again. I just needed to acknowledge what feels natural without worrying about whether any of that would wake me up. I still had a DILD later on recognizing a dream sign (light not working properly), so that was cool.

During this attempt, I missed the beginning of REM, but I eventually got lucid recognizing a dream sign of having more stuff than I really own! I just nodded and told myself it's a dream. I started floating around my room like it's underwater, but air instead! It's super relaxing and satisfying to do that! I need to do it more often! I've only done that indoors a few times over the last couple years. I did a clock reality test and my alarm clock said 9:31 while my phone said 7:31! In waking life, I have my alarm clock 10 minutes ahead, but this happened in a dream instead of my expectation of them being on time instead. The hour was different, but minute was the same. Eventually, I noticed I couldn't see anymore and sleep paralysis began. I didn't register I couldn't see until about 5 seconds later. I was feeling super chill, but also excited, which was contained within the dream and this would've happened whether I was lucid or not most likely from the WILD attempt. I woke up within a few seconds of that, and it didn't feel like I did anything wrong. I think the dream just came to a natural ending unfortunately. The REM cycle was long enough for that according to the sleep chart. It felt like a natural ending that would've happened regardless. I just happen to likely have atonia misfirings from my attempt. DEILD didn't work either. I'm not exactly sure how to do it, but I will ask during the tuition session likely. It will probably either involve lying still and doing IMP, or focusing on the dream I woke up from while lying still. Either way, all the times I've done it were completely by accident without even thinking of trying to do it. I would otherwise think about trying it and it may not work. I didn't have it again, but the following dream, I did a ton of telekinesis! I don't think I was lucid, but I acted like I've done in actual lucid dreams where I do this. I haven't had one of those dreams for ages, but when I had it, I remembered how much I like those ones! This time, I tried breaking a window using only telekinesis on objects, like a reusable water bottle. It was empty and I figured it being full would add weight to it, so I filled it up using my mind without taking the lid off! I kept breaking certain parts, but the glass is really think to just use one object like that, but it was nothing but telekinesis! I don't think I was actually lucid, but it's interesting how I still used my mind to fill it up and telekinesis of course. It was weird to think about how I was doing all that inside a little part in my head in reality and that my body was actually paralyzed! Clearly it was, because I would have done some terrible things in my sleep otherwise constantly breaking windows, etc!

My next attempt was a day I had sleep paralysis three times! Unfortunately, each time was from a dream, so it wasn't at the beginning. I woke up each time unfortunately. I actually reported I had it twice, but I need to update my journal since I had reported in it before the last attempt, which I thought was extremely unlikely I would have it a third time. Before the first one, I had a dream I was balance and if I fell, it would be a high distance. I remembered how I'm not afraid of heights, but the impact from falling at that height, so I just concentrated on not falling. There was a large TV screen type thing and what falling would look like on that. While concentrating on not falling, I got a major spinning sensation from looking at that. Eventually, that led to sleep paralysis (not emulated) and I was getting an intense tickling feeling on my side like months ago and kept thinking about how much I hated that feeling, especially during this. I tried visualizing movement as part of IMP, but I felt like I was above myself in a sense and didn't have a usual sense of direction at all interestingly. I think I woke up from a shock into wakefulness again. There was intense auditory hallucinations, like crashing and eventually screaming and stuff like that. In the second attempt (doing steps again this time), I had a dream about using telekinesis on wood pallets and stuff like that. The setting changed to being at home and seeing my clones while supposedly recording a video with them. They were actually there though (in the scene)! I was looking closely and was fascinated how the layering allowed them to be over each other in the video! There was only one position where you could see "editing mistake", but it was hardly anything! Was day residue from trying to figure out Daniel Love's new background in his YouTube videos and how exactly that worked. At first, I was thinking maybe editing, but his hands overlayed that perfectly, which represents my clone overlaying the other one perfectly. I remember them having Chris and Martin Kratt vibes (green and blue) and I interacted with them, which was interesting. Eventually, I went into the second sleep paralysis experience. I could feel like I was about to wake up again, so I tried visualization and had a hard time with direction again. Right when I felt like I would wake up, I took a leap of faith and breathed a little quicker and fought the laziness of doing that as I would otherwise wake up anyway. Suddenly, I didn't feel like I would wake up anymore! Had intense auditory hallucinations again with time warp type sounds and engines, etc. Unfortunately, I woke up again. Looking at it now, I think it was from shocking myself into wakefulness. I've noticed it's a lot more prone with auditory hallucinations, so I may just need to maintain more consistent effort maintaining awareness with them. I could've maybe tried rounded breathing too. The third time, I believe it just lasted about 10 seconds, probably from overthinking or a shock into wakefulness again. I don't remember any hypnogogia at all this experience. I thought about what I should've been doing, and now I think it would be focus on breathing, stay calm and go with the flow, and maintain awareness into lucidity.

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today. I didn't even try getting it today and was just catching up on sleep. I don't even remember waking up at all this morning prior to it! I had a dream that started to get to the saucy side of things and I think that's what it resulted in. I think I knew it was a dream and engaged in my temptations, despite everyone in the scene. I think it probably faded, only through expectation. My emotions were pretty chill that this happened instead of waking up. My first thought was how spontaneous it was happening. I just tried stuff to see if I could avoid waking up. I focused on breathing comfortably and discovered I can roll my eyes while in it without waking up. I actually tried opening them up just to see what would happen first, but they felt glued shut and I thought screw it. I tried remembering what I should do to avoid waking up, and I couldn't think, but I remembered avoiding the drift of awareness. As I was doing that, I suddenly realized how hard it was to do that! It's really hard when just lying there, tired! I succeeded with that and re-entered the dream I was having essentially! It was in a similar setting, but different stuff was happening. I wasn't lucid unfortunately, but I woke up fairly shortly after and processed the experience. There was one point in the dream where I told myself I got here from not waking up from sleep paralysis, yet I didn't actually get lucid! This made me realize that the only problem really is the drift of awareness and shocking into wakefulness! I think that's what the problem was this entire time, but I didn't realize that and blew things way out of proportion assuming it was other stuff! This is the reason why I mentioned about relying on luck and hope. I'm very confident this is what the problem was and anything else that was happening is just a natural part of it and I can't just assume it will wake me up. The other issues were probably be worrying about any other possibility of waking up when it was really this most likely. Really the only thing I have to do is avoid the drift of awareness, no matter how hard it is! Thinking about pretty much all other experiences, it involves that one thing more or less! Now, I can just focus on one thing! I'm pretty confident I don't need to rely on luck anymore doing this! I should be focusing in the dream anyway so I don't lose lucidity like I otherwise would. Will attempt again in a couple days trying not to prolong the whole process!
