# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis today. Long time, no see. Today, I was focused on targeting REM rebound because of how quickly it happened last week one day. I've been making many different versions of my app so I could pick the best one for a given situation. It has a timer and then an interval timer right after that. The interval timer is currently set to go off every 30 seconds 4 times. I have apps for 55, 15, 5, 50, 60, 70, 30, 10, 75, 45 minutes as well as just an interval timer without a timer. I naturally woke up around 4:30 this morning and thought about which timer I would use, but then I realized how early it was and how I want to wait a cycle. I ended up missing the cycle around 5 I think. I believe I naturally woke up with the 7:30 smart alarm at around 7:01. I got up to check my Fitbit sleep chart and didn't have that much deep sleep then either, but I thought it was promising enough. I think I decided to start the 55 minute timer. To be honest, I don't remember it going off. I think I actually tried getting comfortable before starting it and forgot to actually start it. Doggone it. From the looks of the sleep chart, I think I actually remembered eventually and then I think I got woken up by it eventually. If that is the case, then according to the sleep chart, I targeted REM correctly! That was with a 55 minute timer. I did have a little light sleep before going back into REM though. I suspect it's because it runs for longer than the alarm because I can't stop it out of habit. I woke up more than the other day. Since I'm in light sleep for about 5 minutes, I'm starting to want to have an interval timer for 1 minute, then maybe 2 more times every 2 minutes. I think that would better coincide how I wake up with the app now. The second time I tried it, it looks like I targeted REM successfully that time too! I had some pretty big chunks, so I had bigger targets than I probably will when my sleep goes back to normal. When interrupting REM, I had light sleep for 5 minutes both times.

The difference is that the second time, I had sleep paralysis! I don't think I kept my mind awake or anything, but it still ended up happening! I didn't know how long it would actually take for me to go back into REM, but I assumed at least an hour. That's what I went with there for the timer. I barely remember it going off, but it looks like it still did the job. When I was in sleep paralysis, I immediately focused on not building up tension. I was pretty much lying on my stomach. It lasted longer than I thought given what happened last time. It felt like it stopped like 30 seconds into it. I remember at that moment, I had intense tingling on my legs and it was gradually stopping. However, even though it felt like I woke up, I don't remember actually waking up. Usually it takes a long time to go back to sleep, but I remember what false awakening I had! My alarm clock has flashing lights when it goes off normally, but in my false awakening, they were not working. I said they weren't working out loud and suddenly it went off again while working! I did an accidental dream command! I keep saying it and I will say it again, maintain awareness while in sleep paralysis! For me, I need to do this especially when it feels like it stopped. It's a trap to having a false awakening! It also wouldn't hurt to do a reality check to try detecting false awakenings and bringing awareness back! I swore I woke up, but thinking about what happened, I don't think so. The dream I had following it was surprisingly long as with the dreams I had before this. I had another dream before where I was using dream commands to control cuckoo clocks, like stopping and starting a pendulum as well as changing the time. That one was pretty vivid and long. I don't know if I was actually lucid, but I kept telling people I was showing (grandparents) that I could do this because this was a dream! I think I said it without actually realizing it! I'm really looking forward to trying that idea on Friday and seeing if I can get it pretty much every day and possibly even most cycles too! I wasn't confident that an hour would be enough time, but I thought I would still get it anyway because it sort of correlates with the idea in some way. That makes it seem a little promising, especially considering I had deep sleep nearly right before it.
