# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I got to bed even later than last night. I will try to do everything I can to get to bed around 12:30ish tonight. I estimate I will have around 2 hours of REM tomorrow or even more. This morning, I woke up naturally. I noticed I was in deep sleep before waking up, so I started snoozing my alarm starting 25 minutes later. The first time, I think I still felt awake and stuff. I noticed after snoozing, I actually pressed the button to stop it out of habit instead of snooze it. That's the habit I'm trying not to form when performing this. I made it so the first thing I do when woken up by it is to think about whether or not I woke up from a dream with it. I need to make sure I can think clear enough to press the right button based on that. After snoozing or stopping, I will either go back to sleep or try WILD if I'm not sure for at least 5 minutes. It should happen much faster if I did target REM and don't keep myself awake. After snoozing a few more times, I felt the possibility I woke up from a dream, but I'm not sure. I decided to snooze one more time because of how unsure and tired I was. Same thing happened the following time. I wasn't sure, but I felt like I would take a while to fall back to sleep, so I didn't really bother.

It happened really fast according to the sleep chart. Those two times would have been correct! Any time I'm not sure about whether or not I woke up from a dream and I can't think very clearly, the answer is probably yes. I need to assume that in the future no matter how much I may have moved out of habit. I will try it no matter what. I will also rehearse what I should do so I can remember easier spontaneously without thinking too much and possibly prolonging the whole process. I did become lucid when I finally went back into REM I guess because of what the dream was about or something. I may have eventually been trying to do saucy things. The dream eventually faded on me. I was still dreaming, but I couldn't see anything. I was thinking about how long I would have to dream left considering how much I remembered in that moment. I remember the setting came back after I lost lucidity. I think I became lucid again because of the setting I was in and realizing I was still dreaming after all! According to the sleep chart, it would have been about 50+ minutes if I didn't interrupt REM so much! After waking up, I was thinking I could maybe squeeze in more dreaming for one more cycle, but I remembered wanting to get to bed decent tonight, so I just got up for the day. I was in bed on my phone, so that's why I have a huge awake chunk towards the end. I will try to see through what was happening today and hope to make none of the mistakes tomorrow.
