# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis today! I was attempting the REM rebound method where I target REM and try to fall back to sleep consciously, which should happen within or even seconds if done properly! I went to bed at a slightly more desirable time. I didn't even bother with the usual breathing techniques and stuff to help me fall asleep at night. I just got on my side and don't remember anything that happened after that. Anyway, I woke up with the natural alarm like I would have expected to. I checked my sleep chart and based on what it looked like, I felt I would have REM earlier since I didn't have much before and had light sleep "banked" up. I decided not to fall for that trap and do a 60 minute one like I would have naturally done. Unfortunately, I forgot to turn off my other alarms and accidentally woke up from REM during that time. I didn't realize it and tossed and turned out of habit. I sort of tried staying awake, but I didn't notice any sign of potentially going back into REM, so I just resumed the timer from what it was on, but I assumed slightly sooner as I had woken up from REM. I ended up having light sleep for about an hour, so I completely missed. I think I started another 45 minute one after I missed.

When I went back to sleep, I suddenly had sleep paralysis. It wasn't from staying awake with REM rebound. It was from constantly interrupting the process of going to sleep either from the alarm I forgot to shut off or the timer under or overestimating my REM cycle. I felt like I was just awake not that long ago. I've seen a video on Explore Lucid Dreaming where he animated his first sleep paralysis experience. I don't watch him very often and am mindful about the information I take from him as he is known to spread misinformation and possibly buy subscribers. One thing he described when attempting to have a WILD is he felt he got unconscious and then suddenly had sleep paralysis. I now know exactly what he meant by that as that's what I felt today. Anyway, I don't even remember feeling the tingling or vibrational sensations that usually happen. They might have happened, but I don't remember. The pulsing sensation was very light and not as intense as usual either. It almost felt like it wasn't there, but it was. I just remembered that it felt like my watch was vibrating. I don't think it was, so that might have been a hallucination. I don't remember it stopping like 30 seconds into it or anything like that either. It felt like it went for about 5 seconds then stopped, then started again over and over pretty much. I kind of remember the rhythm that I said I liked last time. I think it's when the pulsing sensation stops and suddenly starts again when I wouldn't expect it to. I know that sounds weird, but I think that's what it is. Anyway, there were so many times I was expecting to accidentally wake up. That didn't happen at all. I was expecting to have some hallucinations before entering the dream. Instead, I felt like I woke up towards the end, but it was actually a false awakening! I didn't realize it until after I actually woke up. I should have recognized that a person I haven't seen in a whole year was in my room, which probably wouldn't ever happen in waking life. I remember at one point in the dream having the crazy idea that I was dreaming. In the dream, I got to a point where I was suddenly mad at the world for tricking me into thinking I was awake. I did a reality check and I think I must've snapped into a different dream or something. Next thing I knew, I was looking at Youtube from my personal account when it suddenly asked for credentials for my G-Suite account with a custom domain! There is no reason that should have happened as all I was accessing was stuff on the personal account.

There is one main lesson that I learned during the sleep paralysis experience. I noticed on multiple occasions during the experience that I was sort of holding my breath. It was like a weird unconscious motive. I don't think I was checking for tension build-up or anything like that. I think as part of trying not to accidentally wake up, I did that unintentionally. When the pulsing felt like they stopped, I noticed I'd done this each time. When I brought my breathing back to normal, it felt like it started again. I know that each time it stopped, I also told myself it didn't actually stop and that it would start again. That clearly worked! By the way, I've heard that some people feel pressure on their chest during sleep paralysis. I'm sorry I didn't mention this sooner. I've only had that happen once and I was lying on my back instead of side. I would say it has something to do with that. On the side, it just doesn't happen. I don't think it did on my stomach either if I remember correctly. Anyway, I think I'm going to start making sure my breathing is normal, especially when I'm afraid of waking up. I will also tell myself that when I think I woke up, I didn't really. We'll have to see what happens. I also can't believe it felt like my alarm was going off towards the beginning. I was telling myself this was the second time. The reason I know it's not it is because I didn't have any alarms set and still had like 38 minutes on the timer. It was set for 45 minutes, so this all happened in a very short time period! I was expecting to have more REM as I had lots of experiences and learned a lot yesterday, which I've known to increase REM. I think interrupting it with the alarm possibly ruined everything. It doesn't get as affected if I do the same thing every day and I fall asleep faster being used to the same kind of interruption. Also, having a relatively consistent sleep schedule is probably another huge factor. I'm so glad I had more deep sleep though. Tomorrow, I will try again as I will be able to sleep in and maybe go to bed another hour early.
