# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis at least once today! I ended up finally going to bed nearly 12:30 last night! I can't believe I'm not just saying this in a dream. I was debating about whether or not to take a melatonin for the adjustment. I initially decided if it takes a while to fall asleep, I will take it then and do something until I get sleepy. I ended up deciding to take it about an hour before I went to bed because I was concerned about my ability to fall asleep in the morning having gone to bed a whole cycle earlier effectively! Ultimately, I'm glad I did it. There have been a couple times I haven't noticed that much of an effect, even not taking it for a week. I hardly even remember falling asleep last night! Usually I do, even with melatonin. I usually like taking my sleep mask off before turning to sleep on the side. I had forgotten to do that! I woke up around I think 1:30 or it was sometime after 2, can't remember. That's when I usually go to bed normally! I had woken up from a fairly vivid dream! I still had my sleep mask on (falling off probably from moving) and was lying on my back! Usually, I don't recall a dream that early in the morning. I remember actually feeling kind of frightened because of the dream and how early it still was at night. This might sound strange, but I think it involved me sitting somewhere and closing my eyes and I had crazy sensations and possibly hallucinations. I told myself it will be okay whatever happens because it will only be in a dream and if it's the fire alarm in waking life, I just follow the usual procedure of safety. I took off the sleeping mask. I remember thinking it would take a while to go back to sleep, but I don't think it did at all! I then woke up 1-2 cycles later with another dream recalled! Still earlier than I recall most dreams! I recalled close to what I could on an average morning, but I was yet to have even more than average in the morning as well! I can't believe what difference it makes to go to bed just an hour earlier, likely with the melatonin as well. If I wanted to try to get these effects again, I could probably do the same thing at around 11:30ish too! It will probably be a little before I try that. It's been a really long time since I've gotten 8 hours of sleep, especially on days I attempt the method. Unfortunately, the sleep chart reported a basic one. 3 of them to be specific to cover the whole night. I think that means I need to clean the sensors on my Fitbit.

Anyway, to the method! I ended up deciding to do the 10 + 10 method as I realized yesterday that my sleep chart being all mixed up like it has been lately, is a good time to do that method! I checked the sleep chart without getting out of bed to find it was only basic. Oh yeah, I ended up waking up around 4 or 5 probably from the second set of dreams. I decided to wait a cycle later before attempting as I was sure deep sleep would ruin the 10 + 10 method. I set a smart alarm for about 2 hours and 10 minutes later. I ended up missing an alarm or at least don't remember it. Another one went off when I had that realization. I believe it was just a little after 7 when I finally started. I figured I would have an easier time falling asleep by not getting up. The timer was pretty much up in a blip! I then did 15 seconds of cardio, and kept my mind awake for at least 10 minutes. I caught myself getting into a trance-like state multiple times. I believe I was in sleep paralysis during one of the times I caught myself! It sure didn't feel like it took very long after trying to go back to sleep! I realized today that the day I had sleep paralysis 3 times by accident and entered a lucid dream every time (7-19-20), which I will log soon, I think a huge factor was catching myself when I got into a trance like state. I think aside from getting up for a few minutes, that's really all I did as I was thinking about the dreams I wanted to have and caught myself when I noticed I stopped thinking about it having not finished. From now on, that's what I will try when performing this method. I don't have my sleep chart to see what happened, but based on what time I woke up and how quick it felt it happened, I would say that I had a half hour light sleep cycle instead of the typical 45 minutes, so I must've missed that one. Anyway, during the experience itself, it felt kind of like it did yesterday. I thought I woke up multiple times I think, but it turns out I didn't. Then I thought I for sure woke up about 30 seconds into it, but guess what? It turned out to be a false awakening! I thought I was fooled about it yesterday, well, today was even worse! I did focus on making sure I was breathing comfortably before checking for tension. It might have seriously only lasted about 30 seconds before I was in a dream this time, or I lost awareness after I thought I woke up. I was telling someone in the false awakening about it. I remember them looking scared at first because I was heavily breathing after I said I had sleep paralysis. I don't know how I didn't realize I was dreaming during that time! Man, I really need to see it through, even if I think I woke up! Maybe the stopped vibration could be a result of my body being fully paralyzed! I told myself to pay more attention after 30 seconds, but things happened sooner than I thought! I'll get it one of these times in a lucid dream! I mean I did it right three times July 19th last year! I really don't understand how I could fail so many times given I entered a lucid dream nearly every time I did it without trying! I think all I really did then was make sure I'm comfortable and keep paying attention to what happens. Maybe I need to think about those working experiences and try to live that. Hopefully I can successfully enter a lucid dream before the 30th time this year, which isn't much left! I think this was number 27 or 28 this year. That's a lot of missed lucid dream opportunities within 4 months! That's not factoring how much I screwed up for various reasons, like not mixing up my sleep even while performing this. The REM cycle felt relatively long. At least 3 different dream settings!

When I tried it a second time, it took much longer to fall asleep at that point. Actually, I think I kept getting in and out of a trance like state. I think during one of the times, I remembered having a very brief dream. I wasn't sure, so I kept going without doing cardio a third time. I got into a position that was comfortable, but I wouldn't want to stay in as I could get sore after a while and stuff. While I was in it, I eventually noticed the pulsing sensation happened twice at the rate it usually does during sleep paralysis! It happened about 2 or 3 different times! I wanted to move being in the position I was in, but I didn't want to just in case a potential sleep paralysis would end up not happening. It didn't happen. After a while, I ended up in another dream where I think I was still attempting to have another sleep paralysis. I think I went to sleep in the dream and it happened almost instantly! I remember checking the time in the dream and it was about 12! I was thinking it was terrible how late it was in the day, but I wasn't going to pass up an opportunity! I was thinking well, at least it's finally happening again even though it's several hours later. I only remember the brief sensations. I'm wondering if I "woke" up from it back in the dream I supposedly tried it in. That dream was also very vivid as well as the rest! It felt like a long night, but it was always waking up following a dream basically every time! I remember during I believe the false awakening dream, I was looking at the sleep chart and it was basic as you would expect. There was supposedly a new feature called "near death" and I had a bunch of things happen in that segment! I think that means I had many times where I was close to flatlining! There were fun little icons representing each type of near death experience supposedly! That was really weird! I think I was under each one of them at some point on the chart. I'm definitely going to log what happened today, but not public or anything. Some dreams were personal, but I think there are some that would be okay to share some day maybe; probably somewhere else besides here. I'm curious about how much deep sleep I had and REM! I wasn't expecting to have as much as I did! I know melatonin can consolidate the cycles, but I don't think it increases it by much if any. Since I only have 3 useless basic sleep charts, I don't think I will bother with it as I don't want to waste free Github space with it. I will have a Data.json file as those are much smaller and the people that are truly curious are probably the ones that will know how to read those anyway. Hopefully tomorrow, I will have a better sleep chart to reference. I will try the 10 + 10 method for the first cycle and then try targeting REM rebound based on how "normal" the first cycle was, which would probably be around 45 minutes of light sleep. Then it would be around 30 minutes, so I'd do 40 or 45. Also, if I perform my method where I would typically have a longer light sleep chunk, I think I would probably set a timer so that when I actually stay awake and catch myself when I get into a trance, it will be closer to when REM starts to increase the chances of it working. I think it would be interesting to set a timer that targets a little before REM starts and maybe try staying awake at least until I notice the pulsing sensation hinting that it is starting. That would probably be a good way to mix things up to increase success! I would keep going with journaling everything that happened, but I think I will put that in the private journal and I will probably lose half of the day from that. That's the kind of thing that might decrease how much REM I have. I don't want that, especially tomorrow when I can sleep in and go to bed early again.
