# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I went to bed around 2 hours earlier than last night. I did take a melatonin. Tonight, I will try to see if I can go to bed an hour earlier than that. It would be nice to start at 12:30 vs 1:30 and be more consistent with it. Today, I tried doing the 10 + 10 timer method I've talked about before. I decided to start a couple hours earlier when I woke up naturally. Unfortunately, my sleep chart stopped reporting close to 9. I had another basic sleep chart that I don't really think is worth reporting because it has 16 minutes of restlessness and an hour and 38 of asleep. I had some more dreams during that time, so I know I had some REM. The 10 + 10 timer method didn't work at all at 8 or 9ish. I remember when I was thinking while keeping my mind awake, I wasn't thinking very clearly for most of it. I was probably literally too tired. I did have some pretty vivid dreams though.

I think one interesting dream I had worth sharing was one where I had a 3D modeling type program on my computer. It was a model of my room with everything in it (as far as I could tell). I was able to move individual objects within the model. When I did that, the actual object in the room moved along with it! Apparently, it's possible to not just manipulate objects with the mind in a dream, but it can be done using a computer as well! I wasn't lucid, but it was pretty cool nonetheless! Apparently, computers can work better in dreams than real life sometimes. It almost felt like I was dragging objects around the room like how I would in Garry's Mod using the physics gun I think it's called. I threw my water bottle around using the computer to see what would happen. It made a pretty big bang with the refrigerator and whatever else I hit with it. I remember thinking about trying not to accidentally hit myself with anything I moved. After waking up, I remember thinking about whether or not an object would actually collide with another object if I was left-clicking it on the mouse, or if it would be ghost like while holding the mouse. That's something I might try in a future dream or lucid dream, with other objects and not people. If that was the case, I wouldn't want to do that with my wireless mouse because sometimes it loses a signal for a split second and could accidentally kill someone or myself just because of the wireless mouse signal! I had at least two dreams involving this! I remember "replacing" my permanently dirty whiteboard on the wall with a new one using the computer! I suppose summoning objects would be possible too, like in Garry's Mod! 
