# Successful Attempt

I guess I will consider today a success. It happened last minute when I was actually planning on getting up for the day. I decided to try the alarm thing with snoozing twice and I had it right before it was going to go off for the third time (snoozed twice prior)! If sleep paralysis lasted longer, I would've been having it again while the alarm was going off! Last night, I was doing mentally stimulating things because it happened last minute and my body was definitely ready for sleep, but not my mind. I tried slowing down my thoughts which typically works, but I had a song stuck in my head (this one the first time in years) and it's nearly impossible to slow down thoughts with that because I'd rather have the song go at full speed than try slowing it down. It'll get worse otherwise. You can see how late it was. I set my smart alarm (can go off up to 30 minutes before actually going off if awake then) for 15 minutes later because of how late it got, but I naturally woke up like 10 minutes before the start of the smart alarm (7:05ish instead of 7:45). I only had like 20 minutes of deep sleep when checking the chart and I decided to wait a cycle before starting just to be sure I wouldn't have deep sleep again. I set my smart alarm for about an hour and 40 minutes so I would naturally wake up again a cycle later within a 30 minute range. I woke up like 4 or 5 minutes into the smart alarm.

I then did the usual steps with a 10 minute timer, then keeping my mind awake for another 10 minutes. I decided to get up for those 10 minutes. I regretted it to some extent because it took so long to go to sleep. In fact, it didn't feel like I fell asleep at all. My mind might've been awake the entire time, even during the 60+ minutes of light sleep. I decided last minute to try the alarm snoozing thing even though I didn't think it was very likely to work. I honestly wanted just a little more sleep before getting up. I eventually noticed the buzzing in my head and I'm pretty sure my mind was semi-awake the entire time! I don't remember getting the rollover signal right before it. I had my alarm set for I think 9:55 because it was like 9:43 at the time. I was in light sleep while setting it I believe! I snoozed it twice and then eventually had sleep paralysis and unfortunately woke up like 5 seconds into it! I'm going to focus on doing nothing next time, not even breathing until like maybe 15 seconds into it if at all. I just naturally breathe during that time. When I woke up, I believe it had 1 minute before it was going to go off again at 10:13. It seems to help if I had a decent amount of light sleep prior. I'm sure missing sleep paralysis before having a dream within an hour, doing it would work then too like on Feb 12. Tomorrow, I'm going to try doing the original plan today with 10 minutes off and 10 minutes on. By that I mean set a 10 minute timer, go to sleep, then a 10 minute timer to keep my mind awake. I would do cardio right before starting the one to keep me awake. The second time, regardless of results, I will probably do the same thing with cardio right away. Saturday, I will do it once, then do the alarm thing after if I miss sleep paralysis but had a dream in that cycle. Sunday, I will do the thing where I wake myself up more before, set a 15 minute timer, then go right to sleep after and make sure it doesn't happen too quick. I will try doing the REM alarm with Lucid Hole for Fitbit to see if I get more REM as a result. By the way, my deep sleep went to 55 minutes after I woke up from 20ish even though I technically didn't have any more. Clearly, it's an analytical thing.
