# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I think I simply tried waking up around when I estimated REM would occur with my relatively consistent sleep schedule. I would try to fall asleep consciously and ignore the rollover signal. By the way, I've talked to Daniel Love about this now and he said the idea of the rollover signal is complete hokum and that our body and mind don't send any signals to prep us for lucid dreaming. Anyway, I failed to target REM, but it was super close, within 10 minutes according to the sleep chart after 8. I ended up witnessing sleep paralysis since the conditions were right for it. I was, once again, just focusing on avoiding the adrenaline rush if I remember correctly. I don't think I was testing anything, just doing it. After probably about 30 seconds, the sensations stopped. I sat up a little frustrated that I woke up again just when I thought I had it down. When I sat up, the cuckoo clock pendulum just happen to stop. I was also getting the pulsing sensation again just by thinking about it while sitting up. FYI, I was actually in a dream! The alarm clock in the dream was a couple hours behind and I was already awake when it was really that time. The dream went on for a little while! Once again, I thought I accidentally woke up, but didn't! I just didn't properly transition to the dream for some reason. I may have been too focused on breathing or something. That dream went on for a little while! I think next time that happens where the sensations stop, I will try sitting up while avoiding the adrenaline rush and see if I'm actually in a dream after all! I think siting up may be a good way to transition to the dream body besides IMP or visualizing moving out of the body in the motion of a cradle. I think the idea of that is to focus more on hypnogogia than breathing since I will somewhat, but if I fail to transition to the dream, I shouldn't assume I woke up and try this instead! That's the third time in a row not waking up, but also not bringing it to a lucid dream either!
