# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today. I wasn't expecting it to happen or anything. I wasn't even trying to lucid dream today. I was having a DILD, which was probably about a half hour if I had to guess. Roughly about 2/3 of the way, I decided to see if I could induce the spinning sensation as a potential reality test as I recently had a non-lucid dream where I felt like I was about to get it for minutes straight, which felt awesome! It's my form of natural high. Anyway, I tried that, which worked, but it unexpectedly turned into sleep paralysis. I mean I went right in and didn't even wake up in between. I think it was emulated and the dream just faded. Hard to say for sure though. It felt super vague. I just allowed things to happen and next thing I knew, I was back in a dream, still lucid! I really just need to form the habit of letting things happen while not caring whether it's successful or not. I'm not changing that methodology like I've been doing all year.

Anyway, I've been having issues where the dream fades away every time I think of the possibility of that happening. I actually spent a majority of the dream today re-stabilizing it from fading over and over again. It worked every time, except when I naturally woke up. I think it might be some expectation thing. I've been asking Daniel Love for any insights and I have yet to hear about how to at least reduce it. Here's where I asked the question in the live stream (link should bring right to right moment, otherwise 29:22): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdWSVoocutw&t=1762s. I've noticed it only happens during DILDs and not WILDs, so I think a part of it may be the uncertainty of whether I'm at the end of the REM period or not. That's a theory I've been having for the past few years. I haven't had this issue for the first decade of lucid dreaming, so I think it's some expectation ultimately caused by a misinformation merchant. I think it's an expectation habit formed and because it's a habit, it might take a little getting used to for getting out of it. I think I mainly need to not care whether the dream fades or I wake up. What happens happens. Also, engaging with the dream as much as possible so I keep myself away from my physical body. Even excitement should be part of the dream itself, not linking to my physical body. I keep forgetting this, especially during DILDs as mental clarity isn't as good. The not caring is probably the best part to fixing it though so I don't wake up and end up back in a dream instead.
