# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis three times today. I attempted twice and re-entered once. When first waking up, I probably had close to 20 minutes before the next REM cycle would occur. I didn't want to spend too much time awake or I would prolong the cycle. I prolonged it quite a bit and actually missed falling asleep consciously. I felt like I had a dream prior, but I do not remember what. When in it, I had a pretty calm mind and just avoided shocks into wakefulness. I visualized a little movement, which definitely helped keep things grounded. I happen to focus on breathing a little too. I just made everything carefree so even if there was a minor drift of awareness, I wouldn't shock myself awake from that. I managed not to, despite auditory hallucinations! I don't remember the hallucinations happening, but I know they did. Visualizing movement also gave me reassurance. I don't know exactly how I avoided the shock, but I will keep trying what I think it is and maybe ask Daniel Love how I can be more sure about that.

Eventually, I find myself sitting at my desk and I believe I did a finger through palm and it worked! I actually forgot that part until just a little bit ago (over halfway through the day). I had transitioned to a lucid dream! Unfortunately, because of the prolonging in REM, it didn't last very long, but I'm still glad I did what I did during that time. Upon getting up, I used telekinesis to grab one of my water bottles, which I believe was on my dresser. I noticed that it didn't travel that far to get to my hand. It's almost like my hand reached all the way over and grabbed it. I also grabbed one of them from my bed side, which was pretty far away. I think I was experimenting with reaching long distances too, but I think there was actually still some telekinesis involved. I'm holding two water bottles that are both green I believe (I only have one of that color). I wanted to put them back, but I was lazy and didn't want to use telekinesis to aim right either, so I told them when I let go of them to go back where they were. I told them that on an individual basis. Once I let go, they both started floating in the same direction and went to my bed side. There was actually plenty of room, so I didn't make a big deal out of that even though the left water bottle didn't listen to me. Very cool to have that happen instead of dropping them though. I had that feeling I might drop them, but they floated to my bed side in the other side of the room instead, so that was cool! I also used forced perspective like Zach King on my window. I either opened or closed; can't remember. I pulled the string using forced perspective and it worked! That wasn't one of my written dream goals, but it is something I've been wanting to try and it was a success! One of the times, I failed to pull on one of the strings and the window "turned". You know what I mean if you have one of those string/rope windows for opening and closing. I woke up from that. It was cool either way! I still entered a lucid dream from sleep paralysis, even though I prolonged REM and it probably ended because of where I was in my circadian rhythm.

I tried doing another WILD, eventually waking up after not being that tired, and I had at least three dream scenes before it turned into another sleep paralysis. I remember when the last dream faded, I was telling myself I'm not that good at dream visualization. I think that only happened because of how I unintentionally altered the sleep cycle trying my WILD. I had a ton of missed dream signs. During sleep paralysis this time, I was thinking about avoiding the shock, but I found myself overthinking a little. I think that mainly happened because I was observing what was happening a lot more and maybe should've been more passive about it. I think I could've unconsciously held my breath as well doing all that. I just need to keep it simple and fully de-program the expectations I've built up over the entire year. Anyway, when waking up probably about 20 or 30 seconds later, I lied still and re-entered within 5 seconds! I could feel it very slowly coming back immediately though. That one day in February where it was very slowly building up in speed, that kind of happened, but within 5-10 seconds instead. Super slow at first. While lying still, I visualized myself moving in some direction and I'm sure that hugely helped! I didn't overdo anything and did it calmly. Unfortunately, I woke up again about 20 seconds into that one, but it's good to know that I can re-enter, so there is no reason to stress out about waking up as I can re-enter and being conscious with it isn't as delicate as one would think if that's possible! I was definitely aware the entire time and pretty much acted like I didn't wake up. I started visualizing movement, and while overthinking, I may have visualized movement a little too quickly and felt like I had to spend a lot of effort maintaining awareness that moment. I started overthinking during that and I do think that could've been prevented. I did have a genuine oh-well still. And yes, I tried re-entering again, but I started to feel a little excited at that point and it didn't work. That REM was hugely prolonged as well and I shouldn't have even spent effort trying to wake myself up for minutes; I should've just stayed in bed and done that proper steps of falling asleep consciously. From now on, that will entirely be based on how tired I am because if I'm not super tired, I won't wake myself up more and prolong the process. I am going to ask Daniel Love soon about REM ending so soon because of the start being prolonged and seeing if that kind of thing could work for a DEILD like I almost did successfully had I not woken up a second time. Any time I feel that overthinking feeling, I just need to take a step back from that and even lean toward drifting awareness and not trying to keep it. I can probably set up a prospective memory quene so I still get lucid once I enter the dream because I will certainly think about what happened; it will be a matter of recognizing if I actually entered a dream or not. Will try again tomorrow, hopefully without prolonging anything and without deep sleep!
