# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I ended up going to bed around 1:30 once again unfortunately instead of 12:30. I'm going to go for it tonight. I had something else that I needed to get done and it was more involved than I thought. Today, I have things set up so it won't involve something that needs to get done at the end of the night. I can sleep in a little as well. I might also be able to have more REM the next day hopefully too because of what I plan on doing today. I also found it helps to only think about lucid dreaming during my walk for the most part instead of a majority of the day, otherwise I don't seem to have as much REM either. Today, I tried targeting my REM cycle so I could have REM rebound by following the steps I mentioned at the end of my entry yesterday. I found a pretty good rule for me to wake up naturally is to set a smart alarm for about 5 hours and 40 minutes. If I naturally wake up around that time without the alarm, same thing should work as long as I'm performing steps. If I know I accidentally wake up in REM, that would be good for trying to follow the REM rebound steps I mentioned yesterday.

Anyway, when looking at my sleep chart today, from how little REM I had (~40 minutes) and how much deep and light sleep I had "banked" up, I was assuming REM would happen in around 20 minutes, so 45 would maybe be too much. That was my mistake. It still took about 45 minutes! I don't care what my sleep chart looks like, it will probably be around the same time assuming I'm looking at the right sleep cycle. That's where 50 or 55 minutes would be good for targeting REM. I would try +5 or +10 when REM starts on average. Anyway, the catch is that my REM cycle was a whopping 54 minutes! If it seems like REM is going to happen soon, it might not and instead, be much longer than I expected. I had some really vivid dreams! I assumed it was around the same amount of time as March 19th. I'm going to try 55 minutes after answering the 5 hour and 40 minute smart alarm regardless of what my sleep chart is showing. It's weird for me to think that I went through sleep paralysis, probably at the beginning of the REM, and I was paralyzed for nearly and hour without getting out of it once (as far as I can remember). I also saw a Daniel Love livestream that talked about blinking in a dream. I've never thought about it and I don't know if I've ever blinked in a dream! I have closed my eyes for several seconds and am still in the dream! That's weird for me to think about. Anyway, I have pretty high hopes for tomorrow. I remember not maintaining awareness while doing the steps after the alarm went off for REM rebound and missed. I hope that isn't an issue while testing it. I will remind myself what I have to do, which I mentioned yesterday.
