# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I took a melatonin and ended up going to bed around 1:30. The night before, I ended up pulling near an all-nighter and didn't get to bed until after 5! I did get to sleep in a little more, so if you see that sleep chart, it wouldn't really look that much different unless you see the time range. I wish deep sleep happened like the past two days every day! I ended up taking a nap that day since I'm pretty sure I got up for the day in the middle of a REM cycle and wanted to mitigate REM rebound effects throughout the day. Today, I'm definitely paying for being up late! My original plan was to maybe not do it at all. I didn't set any smart alarms or anything. I naturally woke up a little after 7 when it would have gone off if I did set it! I woke up from a 40+ minute REM cycle! I was definitely able to feel it was pretty long from the dream I had! I wasn't that tired, so I decided to try it out. I had some other plans for things to try regarding having a WILD, but decided not to do them today. I will mention what I want to do when trying it. It has to do with achieving a good balance between maintaining awareness and wakefulness. I think it could work based on how I've gotten sleep paralysis in the past. I assumed because of how long the REM cycle was today, it would be at least an hour, so I set the snoozing alarm for around 35 minutes after getting back to bed. I still had quite a bit of time beyond when I was anticipating REM would happen again. I woke up a little before 9 from what I'm pretty sure was a dream, which I guess was a 4 minute REM cycle. I snoozed a couple times beyond that I guess. I was tired and not thinking straight. Eventually, I think I just turned off the snoozing alarm and hoped for the best. I had a pretty long and vivid dream prior to getting sleep paralysis.

I don't know what was actually happening, but I've had similar dreams in the past. I was watching some sort of event, but didn't really understand what it was about. There was eventually a winner, which reminded me of a winner from Hunger Games. That's what happened in a nutshell with things happening in between I don't really think are relevant to this. Anyway, after there was a "winner", I had sleep paralysis then! I remember being worried about remembering to do everything without waking up accidentally. I focused on my breathing and lying still. It felt like it stopped within the first second or two! I quickly eased into a slower breathing rate and it came back! There even was a time when I was inhaling and about the halfway point, I exhaled for about half a second and started inhaling for the rest of it. That didn't even wake me up even though I clearly mixed up my breathing by accident! Crazy stuff like that happened multiple times! I noticed probably about 40 seconds into it, I wasn't able to breathe as quickly as I naturally wanted to. I went with it and it still went fine! I think I also remember after fully exhaling, I inhaled for less than a second and exhaled again or something like that. That didn't wake me up either! I think it's because of how calm I was and how I eased my breathing rate and transitioning between inhaling and exhaling. The pulsing sensation is definitely a clue to the breathing rate I should do! If it slows down or stops, I'm either breathing too slow or too quickly. When I adjust, I should calmly ease into it rather than rapidly changing it and possibly waking me up. I also kept telling myself nothing happened (as I was awake and changing breathing like that). Also I had audio hallucinations for almost all 50ish seconds of it! It sounded like a car engine idling pretty much the entire sleep paralysis experience! It was definitely relaxing!

I almost made it into a dream! I also had brief visual hallucinations of riding a car on some track like one from Jet Moto probably. It was pretty peaceful! I didn't actually notice the hallucinations until probably 20 seconds into it! It was definitely there pretty much the entire time though! This is definitely the most amount of hallucinations I remember during sleep paralysis in probably ever! If I worried about waking up, I was able to calm myself by changing my breathing rate slightly with ease. I think the thing that woke me up accidentally was a split-second adrenaline rush, just like the time before that. I practiced meditating a little after and noticed it would happen after several seconds there too! I need to practice keeping my emotions neutral so I don't get a split-second excitement like that. I wonder if that's what has been screwing me up most of the time. Thinking about the previous experiences, it does involve that! I think breathing deeper if possible would decrease the chances of waking up from that even if it happened! The experience was really calm and peaceful! It comes down to calmly engaging with my breathing instead of just focusing on it! I also just realized I could've rapidly shifted my attention between breathing and the hallucination too, which could've caused the split-second adrenaline. Usually I accidentally wake up if there is audio hallucinations towards the beginning, even on the days I've been able to successfully enter a dream nearly every time! I wonder if that adrenaline is the reason! This is the furthest I've made it despite the audio hallucinations in the beginning! I decided to just rest after waking up for the rest of the day and maybe just hope it could happen again.
