# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I was hoping to go to bed like three hours earlier, but at least I achieved 2! I did take melatonin to help adjust back quicker. I should've done it sooner and got things done sooner so I wasn't so jacked up. I came up with a brilliant idea for the original timer method, which we know hasn't been working recently! I'm going to try it next week and wouldn't be surprised if I achieved sleep paralysis nearly every day when I start this! That idea jacked me up a little. Of course it has to come right before bed, but I'm grateful it did! My jaw literally dropped for at least 30 seconds when I thought of this! To ensure I don't jinx things, I don't think I'm going to explain until I get it by doing this at least once first. I think I'm going to start trying it this Friday. Feel free to guess what I'm doing when I try it based on the sleep chart. I want to get luck first before I actually explain.

Anyway, what happened today? I woke up naturally around 6:50ish and started my interval timer app with an initial timer of 70 minutes. I think that might have been a little too long. I remember it vibrating but I didn't register it was my app until around the seventh vibration! That's why I have it do 10 rounds of vibrations. I tried getting comfortable and stuff, but I might've over-done and forgot to check for tension throughout my body. I did get into a trance while the interval timer was going off. I'm starting to think I would rather have it on 30 second intervals for only 2 minutes. According to my sleep chart, I might have completely missed my REM cycle or gotten the very last minute(s). I think 70 is definitely too long, but I've had situations where 70 would have been good. I think I'm going to create another 60 minute version of the app. I think I will try the 10 + 10 timer tomorrow, and then try targeting REM after that.
