# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I ended up going to bed around a half hour later than 1:30, which has been on average typical. That's actually not as bad I thought since I was pretty sure it would take a while with stuff I had to get done. This is something that has taken over a month, so I didn't have a lot of hope! You can imagine how good it felt to finally get it done! Anyway, I decided I'm going to try taking a little break from my idea regarding the timer. Instead, I'm going to try targeting REM rebound and staying relatively still. I will use the rollover signal to help keep my mind awake. According to my sleep chart, I targeted REM, tossed and turned to get comfortable, and went back into REM, all in about a minute and a half! That's with tossing and turning and everything. I decided to try lying on the same side and using the urge to not accidentally fall asleep. I will focus on making sure there's no tension build-up, that I'm relaxed (aside from rollover signal), and maintain awareness, likely from the urge. I'm going to focus more on making sure there isn't any tension than whether I'm lying still. I found that when taking a nap at least, I can fall asleep faster if I make minute (not minute like time since I just realized they're spelled the same) movements to find the perfect comfortable position. Movements don't have to delay the process of falling back to sleep. What does though is trying to lie completely still and unintentionally building up tension doing so. Minute movements would actually be faster than having tension from lying still.

Anyway, today I failed to target REM as my sleep has been inconsistent. Usually, my first cycle is about 45 minutes for the first chunk, 30 for the second, and an hour for the third. That's about how long it takes for REM to start, but today was around 30 minutes and an hour. I might've completely missed what would have theoretically been the 45 minute one. I'm going to try getting that back by going to bed around 12:30 or earlier each night. That way, on the days I have to get up early, I might still be able to squeeze in two sleep cycles. I need to do the math to make sure it actually works out that way. Another reason I'm doing the REM rebound thing is because last time I had sleep paralysis (3-27), I had a REM cycle followed by two minutes of light sleep. I bet if I didn't wake up during it, I could've had another REM cycle! It's possible for things to happen that quickly, especially with my timer method where the dream collapses in the middle of a REM cycle probably due to the sleep disruption and interruption. I figure, as long as I follow the same criteria as I do during sleep paralysis (regarding tension and comfort), why couldn't I achieve those quick speeds during REM rebound as well since I was on a streak targeting it before when things were consistent. Technically, things were still consistent, but I was off by a cycle, which I didn't realize. I might resign my app for this situation eventually and even add dream clues to make sure I'm staying lucid when I end up going back into the dream in the first place. Point is, I'm back at testing REM rebound a different way. Even if I move a little, I will still try to get back into position since that's still minimal movement and I can use the urge to not accidentally fall asleep and maybe a minute interval. I hope the urge goes away during sleep paralysis, otherwise I will have to just deal with it. When I get it normally, most of the time, I don't feel more comfortable in my life, as falling asleep usually involves fighting that urge, but for once, it isn't there and I am asleep already! 
