# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I tried targeting my REM cycle, but fell asleep late again because of the ringing in the ears I had last night. I would say tonight was worse because there are two different fire alarms I have. A typical house one, and one that is wired throughout the building. They ring differently with the frequencies (520 hz vs 3000+). I had one frequency ring in my left ear and the other in the right at the same time! I ended up putting my hearing aid back in, which didn't really help, but I was able to tell what was real and what wasn't. I fell asleep pretty quickly after! Tonight, I will program my TV using the Raspberry Pi so it has a decibel level so I can tell if it's going off without having to grab my hearing aid.

I still woke up with my smart alarm! About 25 minutes before it would naturally go off. That proves that there can be a lot of margin with when I actually go to sleep and when things happen in the morning! Anyway, I missed the first time I tried it. The second time, I wasn't really in the mood for lucid dreaming because of how tired I was and my sleep was messed up! After that timer was up, I tried seeing if I could do a WILD. I wasn't necessarily in the mood and was really tired. I decided if nothing happened within about 5 minutes, I would forget about it. I kind of wish I had done the full 15 minutes of waiting I was originally going to do. According to my sleep chart, I had 5 more minutes before getting REM after stopping! I timed it really good, but decided to forget about it about 5 minutes into it. I kind of want to get better sleep first. If I waited 5 or 10 more minutes, I could've done it probably! I think it might have happened even faster if I didn't toss and turn! I had a 70 minute REM chunk right there I could have had! That could've easily been the longest lucid dream I've had had I maintained awareness and did it! I don't remember many dreams from that at all. I'd never be able to tell I had a long REM chunk, except I missed an entire hour waking up as I usually wake up during that time. I definitely wasn't expecting to wake up so late, but that's why.

I noticed besides the rollover signal I already had, I got another one towards the end in the form of an itch on top of already having the urge to roll over. If that happens within 15 minutes, I will try to see it through, even if going past 15 minutes. If I catch myself getting into a trance, I will just catch myself and resume as if that didn't happen. Since my sleep is mixed up, I think I will spend tomorrow doing the 10 + 10 method and catching myself getting into a trance. I will take a melatonin and see if I can go to bed around 11:30 just to try going to bed early like I did last weekend. I'm hoping to be back on track especially when I add a decibel level to my just a dream screensaver that I hope to see when I have a non-rem dream in the early hours of the morning. The next days, I will hopefully be on track for 12:30ish and establish a schedule where I can maybe do it right.
