# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis once today. I know my sleep chart reports I went to bed near 3. I actually went to bed a little before 2, but then I had one of those NREM dreams where I got up and thought my laptop fell off my desk for some reason. I was trying to use the charger to trace where it fell so I could pick it up and put it back. First of all, it wasn't plugged in because the charger itself is hooked up to a thunderbolt dock which I have mounted on the side of my desk. I think I eventually either realized my laptop was on the desk this entire time, or it wasn't worth figuring out until the morning. This is the kind of thing my dream screensaver is for. I don't remember seeing or reading it at all. I guess it didn't start logging until I went back to sleep from that, which was about an hour later from my real bed time. It sucks I keep failing at good bed times. I would've gone to bed about 15 minutes earlier if I didn't happen to injure my finger last minute, which bled a bit. It's an embarrassing mistake involving my water bottle. I put a band-aid on just for the night to temporarily stop the bleeding. Normally, I prefer not to use a band-aid if I don't have to. During the day, I don't think I would have bothered.

Anyway, I woke up naturally and I think my 5 hour and 40 minute smart alarm suddenly went off after I naturally tossed and turned. I got up to check my sleep chart. I had just woken up from REM at the time, so I knew it might be a little before it happened again. I think I set my alarm for a half hour for snoozing. I remember stopping the alarm and suddenly realizing I didn't snooze it! I think I had just woken up from deep sleep, so I was a little tired and unsure of things. I think I eventually started the alarm again and kept snoozing. I think it woke me up from a dream, but I must've woken myself up too much because REM rebound didn't happen until quite a bit later. I think I had my alarm wake me up after like 20 minutes or something. According to my sleep chart, I had entered REM like 3 minutes after snoozing. Eventually, I had sleep paralysis. It's so weird because it literally came out of nowhere! I think I randomly woke up (mentally) when it started! The pulsing was happening exactly as I would expect. After about 10 seconds, it stopped for a split-second, which reminds me of how tired I feel in that moment. I felt pretty tired during the experience. I was focusing on breathing, but I suddenly woke up about 15 seconds into it! I was focusing on breathing comfortably, and don't remember tension build-up or anything, but I still woke up! I wonder if I should've done that thing where I stay perfectly calm and tell myself I didn't wake up even though it seems like it. I've expected that I woke up, but when I did that, it turns out I didn't! I'm so mad at that! I thought I did everything perfectly, but I didn't apparently. I wish I could tell my body to just bring me to a dream even if it knows I'm awake. I wish it knew by now that I WANT sleep paralysis to enter a lucid dream consciously, and would let me do that! This is making me think I don't actually know how to breathe comfortably. It might've been tension build-up too. I tried focusing on my breathing and was hoping if there was tension build-up, I would kind of notice it on the side. After waking up, I noticed I was in a weird position where thinking about breathing at all pretty much, would cause tension build-up. I'm going to practice breathing naturally in that position without tension build-up. I think it's a trivial position I was unfortunately in. Maybe I really do need to calmly switch my attention between those things while making sure I'm aware I can lucid dream from this experience.

That breathing thing really bothered me because if I'm trying to have REM-rebound, what if I'm making this same mistake then? It seems like it would be hard for me to recognize that and I would end up screwing up. I kept getting bothered by that for the rest of the day. I kept sleeping in that position, and kept having a little tension build-up just by thinking about breathing! I should practice so I can think about breathing without any tension build-up. I need to get myself to more easily recognize the snoozing and when I'm waking up from REM. I'm a little worried about my body adjusting to the snoozing because with my last REM cycle, I naturally woke up like 5 seconds before it went off! It's almost like my sleep cycle adjusted to it within that morning! Clearly, I didn't make the breathing mistake during that last cycle! I almost want to film myself just to see how I naturally breathe and make sure I'm doing something along those lines! It could be the tension build-up too. I did have a split-second where I was freaking out about waking up, and woke up in that moment. I wonder how I can avoid that like I did the last couple times before this week. I was just trying to do what I remember doing then. Anyway, I should carry on the day and hope for another opportunity tomorrow. 
