# Successful Attempt

Today was technically successful, but only before I ended up getting up for the day. I naturally woke up around 5:30 and decided to wait a cycle because of how early that usually is. I noticed I didn't wake up at really any point during the night like usual once again. I think getting a reasonable amount of consistency will help with that (including what I've got now). I think as a result, it happened around 5:30 instead. I must've fallen asleep fast, but I still remember it happening. I'm really glad I did it because I did have a brief amount of deep sleep there. I remember what I dreamt about in the REM cycles 6 and beyond. I did the 10 + 10 timer I've been doing recently. See 2-19-21 for reference of that. Lately, I haven't had that feeling of being awake and asleep at the same time, so it's definitely time to change things up. I think if I keep doing exactly the same thing over and over, it'll lose its effectiveness. That's why maybe doing it every other or couple of days will help. I could also mix up how I do the method too. I did cardio and fell asleep much quicker than the past few days. I think getting my body used to a regular schedule at night will help. I don't think it's used to not waking up at least once for awhile like for the longest time. That might've been a difference. I think if I got myself used to doing a 15 minute timer again, maybe the cardio thing would start working again since it's used to only the 10 + 10 timer thing.

Point is, it didn't work until the very end. That could be luck, but given how it used to work, I'd say it's because my body is used to what I do right now and need to mix it up, whether that's doing a 15 minute timer or some other amount of time, or waking myself up less and other factors like that. Between 8 and 9, I tried snoozing the alarm a few times and I had a dream without witnessing sleep paralysis. I did it again for 9:30 and 9:39 just like on November 14th last year. I had a dream before getting it, but I bet that's what happened during the REM I had there. On that day, I had it directly from light to REM sleep. I didn't even try it that day, which is why the alarm went off while I was literally in it. I ignored it and successfully entered a lucid dream and maintained it until I woke up for the day. That's what I'm trying to do with this method, but I keep waking up from it accidentally. I acknowledged the fact that I was in it and eventually tried imagining how I relaxed when the alarm was going off. Unfortunately, that's where I woke up and it wasn't going off. I also noticed I had slight tension I think. I tried ignoring it, but that may be what's been screwing me up. On 1-2-21, I had something similar but I made it to a dream, so I know it's possible to enter another dream coming from one. It's something I'm doing during the process, or it wouldn't even make it as far as it does. I'm going to try focusing more on the sensation and maybe even less on breathing and if I notice any tension, I will try to put effort into releasing it before it's too late as I mess up as it is. It couldn't get any worse. I had a day recently where I sort of tried moving my legs and it didn't cause me to wake up or anything. I didn't do it lazily like I do sometimes to not wake up. When I do that lazily, that's what screws me up it seems like.

Tomorrow, I will try doing the 15 minute timer where I wake myself up more before setting the timer. I will try to wake up directly from REM using the app lucid hole on my Fitbit. I'm hoping to get REM rebound as attempting. I'm sure estimating time works as well, but I think it's worth doing if Fitbit can automatically figure that out. After that, I will be doing the alarm thing for cycles until I get up for the day. Monday, I will directly try the alarm thing from a smart alarm. I will have a little more emphasis setting them accordingly right away. I will recognize each time I snooze and have slight awareness on how many times I've snoozed. Tuesday, I may do the 15 minute timer directly from REM rebound depending on how tomorrow goes. We'll have to wait and see.
