# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I didn't try getting it at all today either! I naturally woke up freezing again and snoozed the alarm a few times before getting up. I guess that led me to a REM cycle that eventually resulted in it. What was also really interesting was that I was having dreams about having sleep paralysis or at least sensations quite a few times today. I'm sure all of it was within the same dream. I remember figuring out I can do something special to make it happen any time pretty much and instantaneously. Of course, I was dreaming, so that's why it worked. I didn't wake up from it and thinking about it now, I don't remember much from that, except how instant and easy it was to make it happen. It's like when I kept getting dizzy just by spinning my head real slowly. I think I had a fluid imbalance in my ears, so that's why it happened. It's the same split-second dizziness that sometimes happens when I wake up and that one time I had sleep paralysis following that. If I was lying down, it would happen like every 5 minutes or so. I like the spinning sensation because I like crazy rides at a fair. Anyway, the way I was able to induce the dizziness at the time, I could do with sleep paralysis somehow doing something very similar. The dizziness doesn't happen now no matter how hard I try. It's weird because I've pretty much never had that in my life until a few weeks ago. What I did is obviously not possible, so I should have become lucid there. How is sleep paralysis not a sign itself or being able to make it happen instantly? It is now a dream sign for me. Anyway, to the sleep paralysis experience.

I had some pretty interesting dreams prior to it. I actually recalled nothing after getting up and it all came to me at once, which was really weird. Seeing Doctor Mike in person in a classroom should have been a dream sign (probably triggered from seeing a YouTube video in my feed on an in-person interview with Dr. Fauci). I also remember everyone else in the room acting like they don't know who he is. The other dreams are sort of personal like the rest I don't mention. Anyway, I eventually notice the dream is collapsing and that's when I became lucid. I've had that multiple times where I realize I'm dreaming because the world around me is fading. That's now a dream sign as of today. As soon as that happened, I realized I was dreaming and tried stabilizing it by touching, shouting, and stomping. I even used a dream command to bring back stability. I think it did briefly, but it very slowly turned into sleep paralysis. I thought it sucked that the dream faded away like that, but not going to lie, I thought the very slow transition to sleep paralysis was really cool! The dream faded away very slowly and about half way to being completely dark, I start noticing sleep paralysis sensations. I could suddenly feel my physical body and dream body at the same time! It still felt very natural, but aside from being paralyzed, I technically had control over each briefly. That's when I tried shouting. I was able to clearly shout using my dream body and not physical. It almost felt like anything I shouted got blended in with the pulsing sensation, which was also super weird! Once again, I was convinced I would not get it again during the trip, but I accepted it was happening and that I had another chance. I slowed down my breathing since that's what I naturally thought of doing. Unfortunately, that woke me up. Like I said yesterday, doing nothing is better than doing the wrong thing. I should have leaned toward deeper breathing instead of slower breathing. I remember accidentally holding my breath altogether. I think that's the mistake. I need to assume I won't wake up and remember to pretend I'm still asleep even if I wake up from sleep paralysis. Everything I do no matter what, needs to be done gradually. I'm going to practice avoiding the adrenaline feeling since that's actually probably the problem more than anything else. What's interesting is that it happened around the same time as yesterday! I got up later than I should have because I didn't fully factor in the time zone change yesterday. That was based off yesterday's time zone during sleep paralysis, not today. If I wake up around that same time again and still have time, I should remember it could happen again.
