# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis three times today. I attempted once on Monday, which failed. I think it failed because my sleep isn't super established and I prolonged it to the point where I ended up not being conscious when it happened. Yesterday, I witnessed it once, directly from a dream. Unfortunately, I woke up pretty much as soon as auditory hallucinations started happening. Today, was very much a different story! I witnessed sleep paralysis three times. I successfully entered a lucid dream the first time! That's the actual first one this year! If there is uncertainty about whether it happened or not, the answer is probably not as it probably missed at least one element of being lucid. This time, it's undeniable though! What happened here is the goal I've been trying to achieve all year! I actually discovered being tired when falling asleep is better as it's less likely to delay REM or at least a lot less than recently. While REM is close, I get in a slightly uncomfortable position while pretty tired being awake just a little and allowing the monkey-mind to drift my awareness enough that I enter. The uncomfortable position is what would allow me to maintain just enough awareness. If timed right, it could be as short as five minutes, which when focusing on the monkey-mind, probably won't feel that long at all! I still wait a little before tossing and turning, which I think helps too. Anyway, I think there were a lot of brief drifts of awareness, but not enough to wake up. I visualized movement, which helped ground sleep paralysis (made it more intense and stable) and made me less likely to accidentally wake up while that's happening. I did have a slight feeling of being tickled, but from now on, I would say that's a sign it's grounded enough. When visualizing movement, I don't worry about direction as I may not always have a sense of direction, I just worry about some form of movement in literally any direction without really giving it much thought (up, down, left, right, forward, backward, anywhere in between, etc.) I focused on breathing as an anchor point and the dream still formed! I think I had brief drifts, but I calmly came back and just kept focusing on breathing without worrying about anything, like waking up. I was so sure I woke up once again. I tried breathing reality test, but it didn't quite work, probably from doing it wrong as it's the first time I did this one. I did telekinesis, which proved I was actually in a dream! That has yet to fail over at least 6 years! I stayed lucid the entire time! It also lasted longer than a typical dream induced by witnessing sleep paralysis. It was still a little short, probably because REM probably would've naturally started about 15 minutes earlier, but this is where I was when first waking up and I needed to wake up a little. I'm still super glad this happened! Anyway, I'll describe the significant parts a little.

I used telekinesis a little to make the fan spin and stuff like that. It almost got to the point where I felt like the blades would fly off and hit me. Seemed really close anyway. Anyway, I eventually remembered my dream goals. I tried teleporting to the dream house I've always been envisioning and where I want to have serial dreams in the future. First, I tried snapping my fingers to teleport. That didn't work unfortunately. It's only ever worked the first time I ever tried that. It hasn't worked ever since! Then I tried creating a Dr. Strange portal and that didn't work for some reason either. That's odd because I've done it several times in the past. Either I need to work on my dream control, or I still had kind of a hard time believing I was actually in a dream. I remember thinking of using a portal gun instead, but I didn't end up doing that. I don't think it worked simply because I had a harder time with expectation believing I was dreaming, etc. Since none of those things worked (even using command with both), I decided to try spinning around on the spot for the first time. Like how I often feel like I'm running in a pool when running in a dream, spinning felt very similar to that. Parts of the scene faded and I started to feel super tired, especially with the dream being gone and unsure where to go from here (figuratively and literally). Fairly quickly, I had glimpses of a new scene while doing that. I kept thinking about how I would stabilize it, especially considering how I felt about getting back in a scene. I just fought my tiredness and hoped engaging my senses, like touch would bring the dream back. It did after about a minute. That felt a lot more exhausting than it should've been, but I successfully changed the scene by spinning, even though it took like a minute! It did not change to the correct thing though, even though I mostly had it on my mind. I think maybe a little more focus is required or something. I kind of just accepted it and went with the flow. It looked like it was at a relative's house. I've only been there once (they recently moved to there) and I know for a fact that the layout was different. The layout actually incorporated stuff from their old house as well. A family member was helping with food or something and I was telling them that this was a dream. I think they semi-believed it and I told them what they were doing, they aren't actually doing. There was also a segment of the house that hybridized with our family business too. I think that's when I appreciated the fact that the dream had stabilized and I didn't want to bother with that anymore. I ended up summoning someone to break the door to get in and stuff, and that worked. It wasn't who I was expecting, but that dream control I felt like experimenting with there, worked. I think relatively shortly after that, I woke up. It took a little while to piece together that I didn't wake up and all that happened! I was pretty hyped I successfully entered a lucid dream! I guessed that was around 15 minutes, but the chart reported 14, which felt about right! Not bad considering the REM cycle was only that long and all the other stuff I was doing throughout the dream! I think REM started a little later than it naturally would've, but I had to spend a little time waking up from when I happen to wake up. I'm so glad I did it the way I did as I had some realizations from the whole experience. That dream wasn't particularly exciting, but I accomplished a goal I've been trying to accomplish all year considering I've done it at least 4 years prior where I enter a lucid dream successfully without trying to fall asleep consciously! I think they've mostly been dream exit induced.

The following cycle took a little while before it happened. I believe in what was probably the middle of the next REM cycle, I entered sleep paralysis again. I kind of forgot what I was supposed to do to avoid waking up and I accidentally woke up. I was mostly hearing a whistle sounding auditory hallucination along with my actual ringing in the ears. I tossed and turned, then I remembered to try re-inducing sleep paralysis. I went back to the position I was in more or less and just focused on my monkey-mind. Within about 5 or 10 minutes, I re-entered sleep paralysis! I only remember the first little bit of it and really nothing after that. I don't think I woke up for that reason because I don't remember waking up again, but I did eventually have a DILD by recognizing a dream sign! Actually, it's not really a dream sign, but I told myself that it was for some reason and it actually got me lucid ironically! There was a flannel shirt laying on a bench and it was doing this wavy type thing on its own and I acted like it was a dream sign. I did some telekinesis again while showing relatives and I did something kind of risky regarding precise control and it worked out like it was nothing! That would've been so cool to see on camera! Anyway, I'm hopeful that it will eventually come naturally again and that I could do this on a regular basis, hopefully with longer REM cycles!
