# Failed Attempt

I failed today. Unfortunately, I went to bed about an hour later than desired. I will try to get back on track tonight. I feel like today wasn't really worth reporting. I will keep it short. I was able to sleep in today because of a change of plans on the spot. I decided I would wake up when my sleep cycle naturally felt like ending rather than worrying about whether or not I will finish REM before waking up. I decided to set it for around an hour because I felt deep sleep would be involved. I wanted to be sure I was letting that happen if it would happen. I targeted REM by doing that! I felt I woke up from a dream. I wasn't really sure at the moment because I'd forgotten on the spot and moved quite a bit. I knew if I did target REM, it would be a little before REM rebound would happen because of how much I woke up. I ended up going back in around 10 minutes later and it only lasted around 4 minutes. I can't really remember what I did after that. I didn't feel like screwing around with that today. Tomorrow, I will start snoozing a little earlier and not really worry about deep sleep. I will try to exercise more so it happens earlier in the night. I guess I will start around 25 minutes from now on because if I had long REM relatively recently, like today when first waking up, it will probably be not much more than 25 minutes given I woke up naturally and was awake for at least a few minutes. I might actually want to do less than that, but I guess it's about how much I really don't want to miss it. I'm kind of compromising between how many times I have to snooze potentially and kind of skipping ahead regarding when I actually start. Tomorrow, I will do it earlier and look at previous cycles to make sure it could be at least 25 minutes maybe.
