# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I'm really going to try to get to bed earlier and wake up a little earlier as well. I naturally woke up around 5:30 and knew that would definitely be too early. I just went back to sleep. I naturally woke up again around 6:40 and even though it was earlier than normal, I decided to get up and check my sleep chart. I had like an hour of deep sleep. It was really weird to look at because I had basically no awake and it was nothing but light blue and dark blue, which reminds me of night. I took a screenshot at the time just so you can see how weird I thought it was. I hardly had any REM, which was disappointing though. Before I woke up, I had sleep paralysis like 3 or 4 times in a way. I dreamt that if I closed my eyes and put my head down, I had the sleep paralysis sensations I usually get and it happened instantly. I opened my eyes like 5 or 10 seconds later and was still in the dream. I did this at least 4 times if not more. It was really weird the way I could do it instantly without being lucid and returning back to the dream instantly as well when opening my eyes. I'm not going to count that because I didn't attempt the method and it could've happened any day! I could move while I was "in" it but still had the sensations.

When I checked my sleep chart after waking up from that dream (6:40ish), I had an hour of deep sleep, so I was pretty sure I was safe regarding getting deep sleep again. I was wrong. I should probably be averaging it with what I've been getting the past few days with at least an hour average. Maybe an hour and 15 minutes. I did the 10 minute timer with going back to sleep, then keeping awake for another 10 minutes. I didn't fall asleep with the first 10 minute timer. I might've gotten into a trance with the second one, even with cardio. That's the one I'm supposed to stay awake the entire time. I got up for a little towards the end of the second one. When I went back to sleep, I had more deep sleep! I was sure it wasn't going to happen, but I did get a little suspicious with how many small chunks there were. It should be less larger chunks. Preferably 3-4 larger chunks. I haven't been getting that much REM lately. That's really disappointing and I wonder why. I'm going to try going to bed a little earlier and maybe getting up earlier too. We'll see if that fixes the problem if it ever happens like this. I want more REM and a little less light. After waking up the first "iteration" an hour later, I knew I missed it and decided to go back to sleep. I missed it a second time of course and I think it was the third time when I decided to try the alarm snoozing thing for the last cycle. I remember not being able to fall back to sleep or I kept getting into and out of a trance very frequently. I need to get to the bottom of the lack of REM sleep! Hopefully earlier bed time will fix that. Maybe I need to focus on catching up on sleep where I take a little break before continuing and that could fix the REM issue. I kind of want to keep going though and see what kind of problems can happen so I know how to work around those even if sacrificing sleep quality a little. That's why I've been doing it every day even though I will ideally do it every couple or other day.
