Hi, sorry it's been a while since my last status update, but I've mostly been struggling with WILDs and kind of wanted to wait until things turned around. I assume it's finally happened, but I'm sure I will still mess up here and there. I've found some interesting stuff recently. I'm guessing I will miss some details, but I will try to remember the ones that stand out. As for dream stories, I think I will share ones that stand out when I start doing voice recordings again in less than two months.

I'm going to talk about DILDs and WILDs a little bit, and then go over everything else. I've done some focus on DILDs, but not a whole lot recently. I think I'm going to adopt Daniel Love's new terminology and either use regained or maintained awareness dreams respectively. Just know that those mean DILDs and WILDs for those used to the acronyms. The meaning behind it is more important than the acronym itself. For the regained awareness dreams, I've had those happen semi-regularly recently as I mentioned last time, but I tend to focus more on maintained awareness dreams recently just because that's what I tend to focus on when doing attempts in the first place. It compromises the regained awareness side of things a little with what I'm doing, mainly from accidentally waking up, but also my recall being worse in general when I'm more awake.

Anyway, they still do happen multiple times a week on average, oftentimes multiple times on some days or multiple days in a row. That wasn't the case too much last week as I had a very different sleep schedule with vacation and it was hard to get the 8 hours in. Unfortunately, I still tend to forget about my dream goals most of the time as I have a tendency to go with the natural plot and often wish I thought of the goals. It often results in lost lucidity and wishing I had done things differently. I'll talk about what I think will help me with that later, but I haven't been doing a very good job with that recently. I'll real quickly go over the reality test practice. I still do the same one for the first one, but the second one is now slightly re-phrased to get me to naturally think about the right thing. Instead of asking if I'm close to dreaming, I now ask if I've gone to bed recently. I still tell myself when I'm about to, which will make it more likely that I will have an easier time remembering that. I've also noticed that I still tend to do my old pratices in dreams for some reason, like the finger through palm or the optical reality check. I did make videos demonstrating what ORC looks like by the way (check the hyperlinks out): <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7RgBvUPxCg">awake</a>, <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7xV6W00rAs">dreaming</a>. 

I recently had an instance where I changed the reality test practice during the dream itself and never even did it in the first place, so now I don't allow myself to do that unless I've confirmed I'm awake. If I feel like I can't think very well with the test, I make myself do the optical reality check regardless of the situation. I've found that helpful when I probably wouldn't have otherwise gotten lucid. I recently messed around with the optical reality check in various dream scenarios to see if I could make blinking normal (as you can see the difference in the links) and I could not do it no matter what I tried! Even when I was so sure I was awake, it still showed that I was dreaming! It seems to be a very reliable test for me. That doesn't mean I will rely on it though. The times it failed on me is when something strange happens I'm not expecting with it (like my finger doing a screen-tearing type effect) and I make the excuse I'm awake because of that. It still otherwise shows I'm dreaming, but I get caught up on the excuse. If anything different happens, I'm dreaming, period. I should justify why I think I'm awake and this isn't good enough. This shows mentality is more important than the test itself.

When I was focusing on regained awareness, I was experimenting with the recall thing a bit. I haven't been quite getting the results I was first getting for some reason. I think I kind of happen to get beginner's luck at first when I tried going back to sleep and focusing on the recall. I think what's been happening recently is that I'm not thinking critically about the dreams I recall before going back to sleep. I noticed myself on some days thinking I was thinking about that stuff, but when I analyzed my thoughts at the time, it was random crap I was making up that had nothing to do with my dream recall. I was basically mindlessly thinking in a pseudo fashion. I think that's a huge part of it. It's so difficult to do that when I can barely recall my dreams the first time I wake up in the first place. That's something I wasn't running into before, therefore, I probably had a much easier time then. 

I realized recently that during some of my maintained awareness attempts, I would get the kind of recall I was going for when slipping into a dream sometimes! It made me realize that it's not the previous recall that's so important with that. It's engaging critical thinking of some sort before going back to sleep. If I had a 30 second window before going back to sleep, I seemed to get the benefits as long as I was engaging critical thinking in that time and that was my last focus. I actually find that if I prolong going back to sleep a little (with thinking as I go back to sleep), it doesn't have that much of an impact, but it still helps doing this right off the bat and being persistent with it until falling asleep, which could be quickly in some situations. I've been focusing either on WILDs or catching up on sleep recently, so I will experiment with that more when coming back to this. I have a good reason to now that WILDs seem to be doing pretty good. It's also tricky with recall because I tend to forget those first dreams even after I thought I had it down, so I'm trying to figure out the best thing for that. I tried the peg technique, but I still keep forgetting. Maybe I just need to do it with more critical thinking and foreshadowing whether I will still remember it. On the other hand, I may just want to repeat it until I feel like I've got it down.

Now let's talk about maintained awareness dreams. I've been struggling with waking up a lot, but I recently found something that seems to be reliable and even speed up the transition quite a bit! The possibility of failing is still possible, but I think this is something I can stick with even in those situations. What I'm doing now is even better than what I was doing my first years of doing it, even though I occasionally did it that way back then too unintentionally. For a while, I was making things worse with each attempt. I would last about 30 seconds before accidentally waking up, and suddenly go down to like 5. I found things like focusing on breathing did bring me up to almost a minute in a few instances! I won't go over everything I tried, but that's not really a factor now. I just realized I already talked about the monkey-mind focus. That is still an option, but I was finding it not very helpful recently. I think it was just a matter of overdoing it in some way, which I could probably avoid now. As I kept failing, I realized that the failures had a tendency to happen the moment I started questioning if that was going to happen. I think what I had a habit of doing, was wondering if things were still happening; when the answer was yes, I would do my habit of repeatedly questioning that, wondering if that would still continue to be the case. I think that's where I would screw up; when I was constantly questioning if it was still going. 

I tried breaking that habit by just bringing my focus back whenever that happened. I had such a hard time doing it! I even tried forcing myself to think about waking up and just letting those thoughts flow before that, but it absolutely made things worse. I figure if I could get in the habit of letting that flow rather than trying to avoid it, the habit would just stop. I think that would be the case, but you've got to remember that I'm so used to accidentally waking up and I can't think very well, so I'm basically relying on instincts and they are very much wrong. I think if it wasn't so bad, that strategy would work. None of these last few things I mentioned here were helpful while they could be in theory. With my mind not working very well during the experience, and being used to failing, it's just impossible to think of the right thing to do when the time comes. 

I thought about how the monkey-mind thing has worked multiple times in a row and how it hasn't recently, so I decided I would just try to go back to the way I did it from the start. I think the reason it worked so well at first is because my thoughts were monologue-based just like in waking life. That made it easy to isolate from the process and my worries while engaging it. It's kind of hard to do that when my thoughts are sensory-based though because the thing helping me before, no longer helps in that circumstance. After a while, I thought about how I would focus on the monkey-mind to maintain awareness in general (more details after this), so I essentially focus on the same thing whether I accidentally wake up or not. It's irrelevant whether that happens because it's easy to re-enter with the same focal point (at least for me)! Waking up literally doesn't change what I focus on! I had a hard time with that too mainly because I kept thinking there was a catch, and it took a lot of overthinking to realize there isn't and it's the same regardless! It helps with re-entering and going through the process in the first place! 

I recently had the REM-instability happen, which is where I keep dipping in and out of REM several times in a REM period. I would wake up and go back in a bunch of times. That gives me a lot of WILD opportunities since I'm constantly re-entering from that! On that day, I was going to focus on my dream goals, which I have had some successful WILDs with! One of the times, I suddenly felt pressure trying to remember that and accidentally woke up. I would've been better off just focusing on the flow I already had with the monkey-mind. In some of those later experiences, I had success (not lucid, thinking I woke up) just from focusing on the visual hypnogogia I had practically from the start! That day, I started out doing terribly and got better the more experiences I had! That made me realize I'm better off practicing the same thing and getting good at it rather than trying all these different things. Looking at this now, I legitimately think I was recently failing from feeling pressure that I had to do something and couldn't fully think of what. I was also thinking there would be catches with that. I've also had a few successes by making a running motion in bed! I was surprised I didn't wake up considering it wasn't imagined and I would draw myself towards my physical body doing that. It actually served as a really nice distraction! I did this on some occasions when I thought I would wake up. It either led to success or majorly prolonged that process of waking up! What's interesting is one of the times, I had a slightly hard time making the movements, but slightly thinking about the movements made it possible! One of the reasons I've been a hypocrite is I've never really understood the power of the impossible movement practice until I did that! It wasn't nearly as hard as I thought it would be! I'll elaborate more on that in a bit. It was so weird being able to focus on the physical side and that imagined side so easily! It's probably easier than you think when in the right state! Daniel did say the visualization doesn't have to be good; it's the focal point of trying it that counts.

During one of the experiences where I made a running motion, something happened that opened my mind to what I do now that I definitely should've tried a long time ago! Essentially, about 20 seconds into the experience, I noticed the sun shining on me. I had naturally decided to get up and check it out. The craziest part is that I was still experiencing the bodily distortions and usual sensations even though I was making an effort to get up! I was essentially in the dream with all my senses even with the sensations still going on! I've been used to thinking that couldn't happen until after the sensations are complete with the paralysis process. I was so sure my body wasn't fully paralyzed yet, but it didn't affect the experience in any way! It was so weird to feel the physical body distortions and the dream body at the same time! I had a sense of how to focus on and control each one individually. It was crazy! 

Anyway, this made me realize I could be in the dream even while the sensations and bodily distortions are still happening! I've always been used to waiting for the dream to come to me, either when the sensations stopped or when senses just kind of kicked in on its own. When I went on vacation and took a break from this, I made two major decisions based on these things here. First of all, I'm no longer going to have a specific thing I try doing. I'm going to do whatever I feel like and not worry about what I'm actually doing or focusing on. Sure, I might fail when first doing this in theory, but remember what I said about getting better at practicing a single thing, like I did on the REM instability? I can do that with not having a specific objective in general or worrying about what I'm actually doing! The monkey-mind is an option, but if I have hypnogogia or something like that, I'll do that instead. None of that matters as far as I'm concerned! Secondly, the fact that I can enter the dream even while the sensations are still happening gave me the idea to try getting out of bed and opening my eyes (not imagined). 

The first time I tried this at the beginning of the week, it worked nearly right away! I wasn't even prepared for it, but that didn't matter since I didn't have a specific objective and felt like trying that! I'd say the full transition was about 20 seconds, and that's with waiting the first 10 just to make sure I've progressed into the state enough! I tried it 3 more times today (fourth time total) and it worked every time then too! Well, when I woke up from the first one, I re-entered again (probably from natural REM instability during attempt) and I woke up then. In the three REM periods I had it though, I had at least one success! Technically, that's 4 out of 5 successful dream entrances since I've tried this. I think I woke up from the re-entrance only because I thought my alarm clock was going off and kind of wanted to check if that was the case. I have a pillow vibrator as I'm hard of hearing and my head was vibrating intensely, even more than the alarm itself does it! I had confusion from that and misinterpreted the situation. I didn't even do the successful strategy at all, but still lasted about 20 seconds doing essentially nothing otherwise! I'm not counting that as a failure, especially since every one since then has been successful as of today. I felt like I was struggling a bit in some way, but it still ended up working in the end! No matter how much I thought about waking up, as long as I was trying to get out of bed or open my eyes, it didn't matter! I'm telling you, the feeling of waking up was so strong, but I didn't even feel on the verge with this focus! Something has to be very effective about this! To my future self that may happen to be struggling again: go back to doing this and keep practicing, there's no catch; you've got evidence of that here! Don't overthink things and come back to doing exactly this again.

The struggle is mainly contemplating whether to get up first, then open my eyes, or vice versa. Before doing anything like that, I make sure I can make a slight physical movement or imagined. If that's possible, then I proceed to either get up or open my eyes. Despite feeling like I'm actually doing it, it has been in the dream as long as I could make a movement seconds after it's started, especially an impossible one. With getting up, I avoid movements that take a lot of effort as I've accidentally woke myself up from that before ever trying this. I make small incremental movements, likely starting with my hands. Then I might turn from my side to my back. Then slide my legs off the bed so I can stand up. Then I would start opening my eyes. It takes a while as they feel glued shut, but light starts coming in almost right away. Eventually, I'm fully in by doing that! The struggles have mainly been laziness or having a hard time finding incremental movements that are very natural compared to getting up on my side. I'm thinking of trying opening my eyes first next time before even trying to get up to see how that works out. Now, it's a matter of figuring out what's best with this, which hasn't involved any waking up yet, so it doesn't matter how good this is! It's just the focus that matters! Of course, before doing anything, I make sure some movement is possible. The key for movement in general seems to be to make it small and incremental so I'm not putting a lot of effort in it. If I can't physically move, I've found to keep effortlessly trying until I can. I might try imagining a simple one too. I use a slight physical effort to guide the imagination. 

I'll try to do a status update soon to see if I can find something I like. It might be opening my eyes first, but I feel like it's not likely to be very bright and I'm more likely to accidentally do it for real vs if I've used tactile to get up first. If I can open my eyes first, getting up can involve big movements once I can see and focus on that. I don't really know too much yet, but I'm experimenting with that now. I've found no matter how much I doubted myself with exactly how to do this, trying it has still led to success in some way. That's all that matters once again! Also, I don't even have to do this, but I've found it so helpful! The main difference with this vs IMP, is the movements I've done aren't imaginary usually, or the imagination goes with the flow easily, even with bad visualization skills. I might use IMP for a yard stick for where I am, or just movement in general. I think small physical movements will make it always be imagined or not at all, no accidental in-between. So that's what I've been doing recently that shows a lot of promise! I think continuing to practice this will be amazing! 

Since I'm not really sharing any stories until I do voice recordings again, I do have a fun little tidbit to share here. My second WILD today started out with being in my bedroom, but everything was mirrored! My desk was on the opposite side it's supposed to be on, same with virtually everything else! I was so confused. I'd have an easier time in an unfamiliar bedroom that's normal compared to mine being mirrored! Anyway, I've mentioned I got dream decor about half a year ago, and I finally decided to look at the one that says the word "dream" for the first time! It hasn't naturally shown up yet, so I wanted to see if it looked any different than the real thing. I've attached a picture of what I more or less saw <a href="https://github.com/zinsy23/Lucid-Dreaming/blob/main/Notes/Dream%20Sign%20In%20Dream.jpg?raw=true">here</a>. Why am I not surprised that it looked like that given the circumstances of the dream? I laughed so hard in the dream when I realized what was happening and said out loud how perfect that is! I thought the D looked hilarious! By the way, that was also on the opposite side of the room! 

I've currently been experimenting with the WILD technique a bit. I haven't managed to do it correctly yet, but I'm still working on it. What I've been doing while focusing on not accidentally waking up before this, is not something that's ideal and I would even consider bad practice, but it tends to work pretty well with a few major exceptions. I don't want to share it because it's not a healthy way of doing things. I think it's okay to share what I've been trying to do now though. Essentially, I've had pretty good luck in the past year focusing on the monkey mind with catch the butterfly, which is more or less catching when you fall asleep or drift off. The problem with that is that I have to be very awake and alert for that to work. It's quite a nuisance if you ask me. Essentially, I would primarily focus on the monkey mind to maintain awareness. As long as I'm awake enough, it'll be pretty active. With how awake I am, it also doesn't take very long before I get uncomfortable and I have to toss and turn. What I would do is wait a minute after I get the urge before actually tossing and turning. I'd double how long I wait each time after that. While I'm waiting to toss and turn, I would continue to use the monkey mind to distract me from the discomfort. That discomfort allowed me to not drift, but the monkey-mind also allowed me to not focus on the discomfort and still allow me to fall asleep! It was an easy way for me to maintain the right balance just by doing that for a while! I had to be awake enough for that to work though and also have REM relatively around the corner! What I love about that is it's reliable for me if those conditions are met, and I don't have to focus on visualization or really anything in particular besides the monkey-mind.

The problem with that, is it only works if I'm awake enough for it to. I have to be awake enough to get discomfort and also so the monkey mind operates without my intervention essentially. Engaging critical thinking was the easiest way to achieve all of that. With the current WILD technique I'm working on, I think it might be possible to do this without having to spend that effort waking up. It's so difficult since the monkey-mind doesn't happen unless I'm very awake with criticality, so I'm trying to find a type of focus to make it easier for myself and hopefully others who don't want to spend effort waking up or visualize as their technique, or even listen to sound as I normally have to get my hearing aids and set something up. I think the principle I'm going to attempt to use in general, is driving and actively participating in the monkey-mind. The analogy I think would make the most sense, is to imagine the monkey-mind is a group discussion you're in. Normally, you'd kind of let the monkey-mind do it's thing, which is like listening to the people in the discussion. Actively participating/driving in the monkey-mind is like contributing your own thoughts to the group discussion. In theory, I think the monkey-mind could keep going and awareness maintained if "contributing your own thoughts to the group discussion". This might be done by questioning the thoughts and really trying to understand what is being "said". I think if doing this in the natural flow it's in, that would probably be what allows the right balance point of awareness and falling asleep into the dream. I don't know this for certain because I haven't found a nice way to do this yet. I've been leaning towards wakefulness or thinking I'm doing it right when I'm not and slipping into a dream without awareness. I'm starting by thinking about my dream goals and then maybe going with and maintaining the flow that happens from there, which will likely drift off the goals focus. Anyway, I have a bit of experimentation with that, so hopefully something decent will happen with that soon. It would be so nice to have the whole REM period to work with without spending very much time or energy on this. From what I can tell, it's important the monkey-mind has clear, critical thinking, at least initially. I find it so easy to accidentally drift off otherwise. Believe me, I'm a pretty deep sleeper in the late morning, so that's a hard battle.

As far as bedtimes go, I have not been doing a very good job with that, but I recently came up with something I've found super helpful. I used to exercise before taking a cold shower, but I'm finding it so much more effective to do it in the other order! After exercising, I'm so tired that I don't want to get up to take a shower. When I end up doing that, the shower effectively cancels out the tiredness. Simply switching the order makes a massive difference! As an added bonus, once I've taken the shower, I'm already motivated to exercise. After exercise, which is hard to get motivation initially, it's even harder to get motivation for the shower. I think the shower is easier for motivation than the exercise, and I'm starting with that, so I hardly have to fight any motivation at all now! Also, I'm cold enough that I don't even sweat after exercising. It also helps bring me to a baseline temperature quicker so I'm not freezing (I don't feel super cold afterwards or even think of it as freezing. It actually feels quite good and it's not as miserable as it sounds). I also have so much more time since I would normally watch some videos while catching my breath before showering, but now it's all clumped into one. I liked watching videos after to relax too, but I got to a point where I only did some before since that's all I had time for to get a decent bed time (not that decent). I also watch the last videos directly in bed as I practically start drifting towards the end. Recently, I've had a hard time sticking to this since I'm doing stuff well after my target time. I try to do dream journaling stuff before watching the videos in bed so I can go right to bed after the videos and not think about stuff anymore. I might meditate before going to sleep if it's early enough. I've been bad at starting at the target time with excuses, so I just need to stop making excuses now.

That's more or less what's been happening in the past month or two since the last update. I'm very excited about the WILD stuff since my confidence for stabilizing DILDs increases with that. Also, I feel like I can do that any time and can focus more on getting DILDs without trying to maintain awareness and also having much better recall. I'll try to do another status update soon, but it was hard with doing pretty much nothing but failing the WILDs. It's just weird, so hopefully this means more frequent updates too! 