Here are some status updates regarding lucid dreaming.

<h3><span style="color:red">WARNING! I started writing about 2 weeks ago and haven't revised or finished, so my thoughts here are kind of jumbled and unorganized. Note that not everything is up to date now. For example, I've been struggling with accidentally waking up recently and I think I just figured out today why it's been happening this whole time! I haven't tested that yet, so I'm hoping to experiment and see. I'm very confident though! The reason would answer why I haven't had issues for the first four years of WILDs and why I was able to pretend it wasn't happening while I struggle with it now. It also explains why I've been lucky some times and not others!</h3></span>


It's been about a month since my last update mainly because things have been crazy. I haven't been having very good bed times because I keep wrapping up later than I want to and it gets really late as usual. I've recently started implementing a rule that I have to start wrapping up at a given time rather than how I keep pushing it. I will do anything necessary during the day to make sure that happens. Anyway, onwards with lucid dreaming stuff.

I've had some successful WILDs (maintaining awareness when falling asleep) as well as accidentally waking up. I've also had some failed attempts in general, probably because I didn't have enough awareness during the attempt. Most of the accidentally waking up is once again likely from trying to enhance the transition into the dream, which is completely unnecessary. I've asked Daniel about that in the session, and he mainly said that sometimes, it's just luck of the draw when I get left hanging there rather than transitioning, so I'm learning to accept that. I've been trying other experiments during WILDs, like audio visualization again because it makes the sensations very intense. I've said that failed before, but mainly because I had the wrong mentality at the time. I was thinking having the correct mentality could result in better luck. I was hoping the intense sensations would result in entering the dream quite a bit faster, but it doesn't make that much difference, so I'm satisfied with not doing that now. I'm currently going to try the rollercoaster visualization and not care whether it results in waking up or not. Daniel really liked that idea and said I should definitely try that. He even said that could count as a WILD technique because it follows all the principles of WILD induction. I tried using it as a technique, and I'm actually not good at visualizing it unless I'm entering a dream and can influence what's happening there. Needless to say, it's hard to maintain awareness from that and I kind of feel miserable and impatient trying to do it. I'd rather sleep and not lucid dream at that point.

I'm still focusing on keeping my eyes open to help me catch when I fall asleep. I've tried doing it close to REM, but I shocked myself awake part of the way in and it wasn't even my fault, so doing it to soon isn't good when I'm trying to catch falling asleep and constantly shocking myself awake when I realize I've drifted. I think it is best for awareness to be relatively constant and slowly drift over time (to where there's still awareness by the time REM happens), rather than constant shocks awake (sharp dips in and out of awareness). I've been doing it for about 15 or 20 minutes before I estimate REM will occur. Some of the failed attempts with the eye thing, was not really having maintained awareness while doing that. What I mean is let's say that I'm doing this for 15 minutes (can be far more or less), I would only be awake for about 2 throughout the entire thing and it would be somewhat distributed. I can still catch when I drift, but I might be asleep for several minutes and then suddenly realize I drifted. That's not enough awareness for WILDs to work. It should be a bit more constant. I should be awake for at least 10 if not more out of those 15 minutes if I slightly drift.

I think the accidentally waking up was primarily one thing leading to another from prolonged dream entrance and my thoughts influencing the experience too much and expectation. Most recently, I think it was from forgeting what I was going to try and getting hung up from that. What I will most likely default to for my focus, is constantly telling myself to remain calm. I found that worked really well and does the same thing as pretending it isn't happening. There was a recent experience where I was having an unexpected conscious re-entrance (DEILD), and in the previous dream, I was exploring a cool concept. I didn't initially think I would get to keep exploring it, but when I started re-entering and found out I could, the pressure was on! I pretty much just focused on auditory song visualization and it worked despite the pressure! When I'm not under pressure, I'm failing, but when I was, I succeeded somehow! It lasted about 10 or 15 minutes, so at least that goal is fully accomplished. Of course, I could explore it again, but I don't have a desire to as of now. What's weird is I felt completely satisfied with the exploration when waking up, yet I had a serial dream exploring it some more (non-lucid). This is one of the rare times I feel done with something my subconscious hasn't gotten over yet. It's cool, so I wasn't complaining, but I didn't have a reason to keep doing that. One of the rare times when my subconscious is doing insanity and not me! Usually, I want to keep exploring something, but my subconscious feels like we're done, so it doesn't really happen anymore, unless I'm lucid and choose to do that. Speaking of serial dreams, I had a dream where I did something I felt really terrible about morally, and I had a very strong feeling I would have a serial dream. I decided to think about how I would make it right just in case, and sure enough, it happened! It even happened exactly as planned, and I did get lucid when that time came. I was very pleased. I think this is worth noting for when wanting to have a serial dream. This is one situation where it will very likely happen. Regarding visualizing music for entering the dream, I don't have any desire to focus on the music normally, so I think depending on what the rollercoaster does, I might just keep reminding myself to stay calm until the habit is there again. I think when the sensations die down, I might try slightly visualizing music to see if the sensations come back, or I will try doing an impossible movement. If the pulsing and bodily sensations aren't happening, that's a sign I could be in the dream already and I would try gently opening my eyes and then getting up. It will likely happen within the dream world based on successful attempts doing that recently. I will take the sensations stopping as a sign I'm in the dream.

Regarding re-entering after accidentally waking up, that's a tricky one. I think when I was visualizing the sensations again, I would focus too hard on that and it didn't work. I feel like when I start actively focusing on my body or anything else too much, I don't have a chance of re-entering again. What I've been trying recently that seems promising is just having the intention to lie still and focus on the monkey mind. Eventually, I would find myself re-entering again. Sometimes, it would be right away; other times, it might take a few minutes. I think that's what I might try for that. If I'm doing it calmly, I think that's the key more than anything else. I think if I shock myself awake too much, it will not be very likely, but if it's gradual (having an overall good mentality when waking up), then it will be much easier to re-enter. I think the best thing for now, is to calmly focus on the monkey mind, especially if I tried something else and potentially ruined my chances with that. I've been finding that work pretty well. I kind of want to try that rather than doing the eye opening thing, or combining both in some way. When I accidentally woke up recently, I focused on the monkey-mind and re-entered after I'm pretty sure a couple minutes. You can see why I want to do that as a regular technique in general. I know the monkey mind isn't super active when I'm tired, but I think putting a lot of focus into it will allow me to have relatively constant awareness and slowly dip while still having awareness for entering the dream. If I exaggerate my focus at first and slowly let go when I feel like I'm doing good with it, I think that will be a better approach than the eye thing if I can pull that off, since I would possibly only have to spend a few minutes on it, and it would serve as a nice distraction if I accidentally set my timer after REM started and it's a little hard to go back in

Regarding the DILD side of things (realizing I'm dreaming during a dream), I've definitely been noticing that I'm getting lucid a lot more often now than recently. It's been pretty much daily for the past few weeks, but I'm either about to naturally wake up most of the time, or I stay so immersed in the plot that lucidity quickly dissolves. I've also had quite a few times where I tell myself I should reality test, and never follow through with it. It hasn't been as bad, but it's somewhat happened. Even when I do get lucid, most of the time, I don't think of my dream goals, so I didn't really accomplish anything noteworthy. I did have a DILD recently that was about 20 minutes and I was able to fairly thorougly experiment with my first three dream goals at the time! I really wish I could've recorded the dream because it would've been one of my favorites to play back, especially to share here! I had two DILDs prior to that in the same day, but I quickly lost lucidity either getting immersed in the plot, or thinking I woke up and actually didn't. I think a huge part of it is being a lot more focused on reality testing, believe it or not! I've noticed I've recently been pretty good at doing it in the most unusual and least mindful moments, which replicates dreams pretty well. Some of the times were from pretending to do dream control and having it unexpectedly work! I've made my reality testing pretty much dead simple from what I was doing last time I talked about it. I would rather have something really simple and slightly likely to fail than failing with a nearly guaranteed test that requires a lot of focus and clarity because I'm too lazy or unfocused that I fail to get lucid from that even with the right results showing dreaming. I think having it very concise and straightforward promotes lucidity within it and is more likely. I like it so much that I would often reality test just for the sake of doing one of the simplest tests I've ever done! It's already shown up in the dream a few times and worked almost instantly! Other times, it didn't show up properly, but I was able to tell myself it was very likely a dream without even thinking about the situation. The mentality is probably what I'm getting out of it rather than the test itself.

What I've been doing is the physical test I've talked about because it's so simple (if you don't know which one I'm talking about from a past voice recording, just insert physical test here), and asking myself if I'm close to dreaming. I've changed the binary technique to get away from times and numbers, so it's literally asking whether I've told myself I'm close to dreaming or not. The idea is that everytime I go to sleep or go back to sleep to try lucid dreaming, I tell myself that I'm close to dreaming, so when I ask the question "Am I close to dreaming", I would remember what I told myself very quickly. The answer would be yes if I have told myself that I am close to dreaming. When I get up, I do a proper reality test to make sure I've woken up, which includes optical reality check, checking if there's anyone in my room or anything obviously dream like is happening, and doing the digital clock test looking between my digital clock and blocks I have spelling the word lucid. When I get up, I tell myself that I'm not close to dreaming, and tell myself that I am, every time I go to sleep, even when going back to sleep. When I go back to sleep, it's basically a prospective memory cue combined with a reference for the binary technique, so I'm utilizing that same thing for multiple things! Basically, I ask myself if I'm dreaming, then I immediately do the physical test, even as I'm asking myself the question. Then I would ask if I'm close to dreaming, which is so close to IF I'm dreaming. "Am I dreaming?", "Am I close to dreaming?" - That's it! It works well for me, even when I'm talking to people, which has been problematic in dreams and in the middle of conversations in waking life.

I've tried spin-offs, like telling myself what I'm about to do if I'm not dreaming, so I can think of whether I've gone to bed since that thing in the next test. I thought it would help make the memory more distinct fairly effortlessly, but I've recently struggled with remembering what the last thing was because of how crazy things are, so I don't do that anymore. Same with whether I've concluded the most recent date. I recently went back to what I mentioned above from those spin-offs. When I did the task I'm currently doing to make the memory more distinct, I've tried making it very abstract so I don't get hung up on very specific things I'm doing. For example, I would tell myself I will continue working on the computer, rather than "I will continue configuring this new pfSense box for networking,". If I'm watching YouTube, I would say that I will continue doing that rather than continue watching the very specific video I'm currently watching. I will get hung up on remembering what the specific task was, which brings my focus away from the whole point of this. I figure by telling myself I'm close to dreaming each time, it will make the memory very distinct and easy to remember for me when doing it that way.

I told Daniel about the dream recall thing where I immediately go back to sleep, and he essentially said that's highly unusual compared to most people. I shared my theory of how the thoughts fall through into the next dream since time feels like it went by so quickly. I asked him the best thing to focus on, and he said probably recall with a reminder that I'm going to dream again, like "the next thing I see will be a dream" with sleep masks. He implied it would probably be fine to incorporate doing a dream goal in a past dream memory, like with MILD. I've recently been trying the reminder, and I've been failing to remember focusing on the recall, so I'm not getting the recall benefits. I've actually mostly forgotten even the cue and everything because it feels like I'm doing so many things, but I've still somehow been getting lucid fairly regularly. I think it's the reality tests more than what I've been doing when going back to sleep though. I think I will try reminding myself I'm close to dreaming, then focus on recall until I fall back to sleep, which could happen fairly quickly. I think the recall focus alone is more effective for me than the cue and failing to focus on recall. I think that because I've been getting lucid from noticing what's happening rather than remembering my reminder, which I think would've happened regardless. If I keep forgetting, I will just do recall alone since that's pretty effective and requires virtually no effort, especially if I go to sleep right away. It's mainly important that it was my last focus; doesn't matter how quickly I fall asleep. I think that's why falling asleep faster is more effective because it will more likely be my last focus then.
