# Successful Attempt

I did not witness sleep paralysis today. I am writing this because I've had a bunch of experiences and just haven't gotten around to logging them yet. I don't have all the dates, so I will post the experiences that I remember here and try to do better with that in the future. I think I found a pretty optimal way to have a WILD, which I came up with ultimately from Daniel Love's help. I did come up with this myself, but the help that Daniel has been giving me, ultimately made me come up with this. I will be doing a tuition session with him within the next two weeks and will probably discuss what I do now and see if he has any takes on it. It isn't perfect by any means, but it has only failed me once out of around 9 times trying to have a WILD this way thus far. I think it failed me because of deep sleep (NREM-3) from having mind jacked up when going to bed! The method still involves getting sleep paralysis (so far), but I should make it clear that sleep paralysis is NOT required for lucid dreaming! I just happen to get it when doing it this way, probably because I'm not focusing on anything else other than my thoughts, so I notice it. Most people won't notice sleep paralysis during a WILD attempt most of the time, and I think that's because despite maintaining awareness, they have some form of distraction and maybe even a minor break in awareness! If I had hypnogogia the entire time and was focused on that, I probably wouldn't even notice the sleep paralysis sensations happening as I don't anymore when focused on hypnogogia. None of this matters though because the end goal is lucid dreaming! I could be wrong about this, but this is what I believe is happening.

Before getting to the experiences after this paragraph, I would like to make something clear. All the stuff I've said in previous entries is my experience with my understanding, so I do not recommend taking those words as if that's the real deal because things are different for everyone; and because one doesn't need sleep paralysis for this, I have demonstrated my lack of understanding of this particular subject somewhat implying that it was required for this. It is NOT! It just happens to be the way I like to do things and what is easy for me. That doesn't mean that it will be easy for everyone or that I have a full understanding of what is actually happening. These are all just interpretations from my own personal results and should be taken with a grain of salt! I guarantee that Daniel would bash me for the entries I've written in the past. That was just me with an open mind explaining my thoughts in the development of figuring this out. I really should've been more clear on my disclaimers as I sincerely hope I haven't been spreading the wrong ideas. I've been keeping an open mind and documenting my own experimentations, but that doesn't mean that anything is right. Do not take any of my words for certain with anything, and don't do that with Daniel either as hardly any of this stuff has been properly studied, so we can say for sure as everything is so complex and we have very little understanding of what is really happening. Daniel has a lot more experience with the subject, so I would take him a lot more seriously than me, but what he says is all based on his research, his interpretations, and legitimate experiences teaching his students and their progress, so continue to be mindful as he does his best to avoid misinformation on the subject. We can't make a wild claim and say that everyone can lucid dream, because there are too many factors for us to know for sure, but this is the case for a lot of lucid dream related things. There are factors like our biology, psychology, body chemistry at any given moment, and medications being taken. This is just the tip of the iceberg of factors between everyone, let alone a single person! The point is, be mindful of the information you hear and do your research!

The next experience I remember since the last report I believe was when I witnessed sleep paralysis and thought I had accidentally woken up. I sat up and was actually dreaming! My cuckoo clock just happen to stop when sitting up. I didn't get lucid because I thought I woke up and the dream just continued on for a while. The sleep chart reported an 18 minute REM cycle, so what I experienced was probably around 10 minutes since the start of that. This made me realize that if I focus on breathing and don't properly transition to the dream body, I could do IMP or I could calmly sit up and I will probably sit up in the dream! I was proud once again for not waking up, but now the focus is getting lucid. As you saw from the log last November, I actually got lucid during that experience because I used to nearly every time I had sleep paralysis that time, unless I was experiencing post-atonia (at the end of REM instead). That's more or less that experiene.

Now it's kind of going to get arbitrary because the next several times, I accidentally woke up again. I believe this next one was around the time I started to do MILD properly. I had recently watched Daniel's video on the correct version of MILD. Basically every other online resource (except any from Dr. Stephen LaBerge) had this incorrect since they didn't understand the correct method themselves and probably tried oversimplifying it. I found that doing MILD is actually really effective if you understand how it's supposed to work. It has nothing to do with reality tests or dream journaling, although they can be helpful! I would recommend watching that video (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-0ImWP2FCQ) as I don't want to risk being one that does what the other resources do. I miss a ton of dream signs, so the least I do is think about dreams and where I've missed dream signs and imagine changing the plot in my head where I do recognize it and think of how I would do my dream goals from there. It would make a much better mindset practicing like that, and increase chances of recognizing dreams the following sleep cycles as it's one of the best possible ways to get in tune with it. Dream journaling can help identify dream signs and those are good points to change the plot of non-lucids for me and just being able to recognize them overall. Please watch the video to have a proper understanding of this though. Either way, it should be obvious that MILD is much more than mantras and things like that. In fact, it hardly has anything to do with it; more on prospective memory! I could probably get lucid nearly every day doing this by the way since I know over 30 of my dream signs and an average of 3-10 happen pretty much every day for me with decent recall. It hardly has to involve any sleep disruption, yet it can work! I've still been focusing on WILDs lately though because I recently figured out a pretty good way to get it at the start of REM instead of in the middle like before.

Around the week after I was focusing on MILD like this and having so much more recall as well, I'll describe the experiences I remember waking up. I believe the first one where that started happening was actually a really incredible experience, but really sucked when I woke up! Sleep paralysis began out of the blue like expected, but I noticed my breathing was rapid. My mental thoughts was if I avoid the adrenaline, I will avoid waking up; however, I was certain the rapid breathing would withdraw me from the dream. I was really calm and things were going well, I even tried moving fingers and I believe I was able to do it, I'm guessing before I got paralyzed fully. It didn't wake me up! I suddenly found myself focusing on visual hypnogogia and almost thinking of what setting would be good. It kept changing a few times as I kept changing my mind like a TV channel would. Eventually, I was in a Target scene. As all this was happening, I was having rapid breathing and a little concerned about entering the dream properly. While at Target, the scene was moving like I was running in the store, but I didn't have my dream body there yet. The visual hypnogogia was fully formed and as vivid as a fully formed dream! It had decent brightness and everything! So much more vivid than most dreams I remember, even though I only had full-on visuals! There wasn't audio or my dream body there yet though. Since I was concerned about my breathing interfering with the formation of dreaming, I slowed down my breathing so I wouldn't be focused on it. That's the very thing that woke me up! I would have otherwise entered my first lucid dream of the year about 10 seconds later! I didn't piece together that the dream was basically there despite the rapid breathing! The breathing actually felt like it was part of the scene that was forming and didn't really feel like it had that much to do with my physical body! I also did a calculation and I think I should've had REM for about 40 minutes here too! I really missed the ultimate opportunity! That could have been a very long lucid dream. The point is, don't worry about your breathing, just do what feels natural, no matter how strange it seems! Assume it's just a natural part of the dream that's forming, no matter how unnatural it may seem with your normal expectations. Either way, that was epic! It also sucked with the ending of waking up though. I will point out before going any further to do what feels natural, no matter how your expectations are! If you normally wake up, it isn't going to get worse than it already is doing that. If one feels lazy about making something natural, just do it and take a leap of faith before waking up would otherwise happen. I wish I did this the most recent time.

These next several times do involve me waking up accidentally, but first, I'm going to talk about the technique I've been using now. It isn't really researched, but I will talk to Daniel about it if I get around to it during the session, and it has been working every time, except for when my sleep chart reported deep sleep late in the morning instead of early like every other time I've tried it and it worked. That still matters, but it might actually still work even with deep sleep happening. Recently, I've accidentally been making it less optimal than it should be, but I bet it could've worked had I done it like the first time I tried it. The scenario still varies quite a lot, but there are ways to work around each one. It's best to have a sleep chart to determine which one is likely. Even though sleep charts probably aren't that accurate, it is probably accurate enough to get an idea of where one is when doing this. So I prefer to wake up from a REM cycle naturally like I've always been doing with the smart alarm based on what has recently been happening around the time I normally do this. Now, I assume that I will naturally have an hour of light sleep, then a half hour of REM on average. When I wake up naturally from REM, I will check the sleep chart to make sure that it is really the case (REM on end and ~15 or more minutes). I would then set my alarm for about 30 or 35 minutes later and sleep until then. If I had like 20 minutes of light sleep before waking up instead, then I'll only do like 10 or 15 minutes as REM is actually a little closer. It doesn't matter whether I actually fall back to sleep or not I found. It just matters I don't sleep through the alarm. Then I've got roughly a half hour before my next REM will naturally occur, maybe less. I then get up for around 10-15 minutes so I no longer feel super tired. Setting up an encoding job engages my mind, but I might actually journal anything thus far and go over my list of dream signs. I might also listen to the music I've really liked for over 10 years now too. Even watching a Daniel Love video would be good, which I've briefly done too. Point is, I don't want to have that much of a feeling of itchy or heavy eyes like I did when first getting up. Critical thinking seems to make that go away quickly. If I don't wake up naturally and wake up from a dream, it is reasonable to assume REM isn't quite finished yet, so I will set a 40 minute alarm without even getting up so I can ensure I can still do this while still allowing time for REM rebound that may happen. I just want to make sure I am awake enough so I remember what I'm doing when the alarm is up. By the time I go back to bed, it would naturally occur in 10-15 minutes. At this point, I remind myself I'm having a WILD and just go to sleep and let my monkey-mind do its thing. When I get the urge to roll over (not the rollover signal as Daniel says that concept is hokum), I roll over right away the first time and continue letting the monkey-mind happen. It always happens for me. Next time I get that again, I wait a minute before doing it and allow my monkey-mind to distract me from it. It's actually not that hard to do. I often accidentally go a little past a minute accidentally, which is a good sign. I just estimate how long, and I'm sure it's close. Each time, I do the same, but double how long I wait before rolling over again past when I want to. Next thing I know, I'm in sleep paralysis and I often felt aware the entire time! If doing the steps correctly, it should work nearly every time, but I don't recommend doing it every day as it still disrupts the sleep cycle. I do it for three days in a row since those are the main days the conditions are optimal. I can do it multiple times each day too, so it could be around 9 within 3 days theoretically! I'm starting doing again tomorrow for 3 days. I have to get up earlier on Tuesday, so it may not happen that day depending on when I naturally wake up. I love this because I think the other WILD methods require a lot more effort; here, I just focus on my monkey-mind more or less and everything falls into place. I basically target close to when REM naturally occurs. I don't worry about whether I fall asleep or not. I just let it happen, no matter how long it takes. By switching my attention between the urge when it happens and the monkey-mind, I think it gives me the right level fo awareness at the right time. I think it allows me to have a minor drift to let sleep paralysis start, but my mind isn't quite ready to actually be asleep yet, so I don't even feel asleep as sleep paralysis begins or anything. The thing that hasn't been optimal recently is how long I'm up for before going back to bed. I get carried away with what I'm doing, I may accidentally be up for like 30 or 45 minutes before going back into bed. That delays everything, but it happens so much quicker when keeping it short!

Now I'll talk about the actual experiences doing that. The first one, I believe I had over a half hour of light sleep since the last REM, so I just got up for 10-15 minutes right away instead of going back to sleep first. It ended up happening probably within 10 minutes of going back into bed! I could not believe how quickly that happened despite what it felt like prior to it! I just waited to roll over and rolled over a couple times and next thing I knew, it happened. There were a few times I felt like I was about to get the spinning sensation, but it wasn't quite it. One of the times, it was sleep paralysis! I should mention that when sleep paralysis starts, I always feel like I'm about to get a spinning sensation, but usually don't. I think that's how I know when it's usually coming. Unfortunately, I had a hard time avoiding adrenaline, despite my intent, and I woke up fairly quickly. I don't think there was hypnogogia yet. The sleep chart reported no REM, which means it was probably at the beginning as I didn't even feel like I fell asleep at all! Lately, I've been staying up a lot longer than I should've because I wanted to properly finish what I was doing, so it took much longer for REM to come and I has very brief drifts of awareness, but it still worked each time, except for when deep sleep happened! Actually, it might've worked that time too, but deep sleep could've wiped the memory. I believe the following week, I tried it Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. I got sleep paralysis once Monday, twice Tuesday, and three times Wednesday! This is apparently more effective than I thought! I actually recall some other experiences from when I was trying MILD I believe. I think I will talk about them now and maybe journal the rest of them tomorrow. I wouldn't be surprised if I accidentally missed some, because this felt like a long time ago, but wasn't.

This is one that happened before trying this technique actually, and I had so many dreams that involved Daniel Love and stuff. One of them took place in a garage like Eposvox's (look that up if you want an idea), and it was supposedly Daniel's. I remember trying to talk to him. I had other dreams that involved some of my old friends in high school settings with a different layout. Another dream I had with Daniel involved talking to him on the phone. He was telling me about (a rough memory) how specific neurons fire when dreaming/lucid dreaming and how important it is to find them and precisely target them to get lucid. Right after that, I might've been thinking about sleep paralysis and went right into it. I looked at my dream journal and this is actually what led to having rapid breathing and the Target scene. The next experience I had a while later when focusing on MILD was getting a DILD from a dream sign. I think practicing my dream signs and changing many plots with MILD resulted in the dream sign happening in the first place! I think I may have accidentally been too focused on dream control and the dream faded away. I ended up having a false awakening and my first thought was that this isn't what I was trying to do. I believe around here, I woke up for real within seconds. I just lied there and didn't open my eyes, so I don't know for sure. Within probably about 30 seconds, I start getting an intense spinning sensation, which I actually felt somewhat when sitting up in the false awakening, which was just like a few months before (documented). A month before, I had a fluid imbalance in my ear, so my first thought was great, now I have the fluid imbalance again and what is wrong with me/what am I doing wrong? Sleep paralysis wasn't on my mind at all during this time, but it began right after the spinning sensation stopped after around 10 seconds. I had adrenaline again and accidentally woke up within 10 seconds of that starting. I think I could've had my first DEILD!

That was a really weird series of events! First, I get lucid by realizing a dream sign, then I have a false awakening, then I very quickly wake up, then I start getting a spinning sensation, then I get sleep paralysis! If only I could've entered another dream. That would've been the weirdest series of events I've ever had happen to me and the weirdest way to "switch scenes" in a lucid dream! By the way, I believe Daniel said that if I feel like I'm going to wake up from sleep paralysis, I should visualize an impossible movement. I did have an experience (not sure which), where I did this around this time and I discovered that when the pulsing sensation isn't very intense, visualizing a movement helps increase the intensity of it. It doesn't have to be from change in breathing, visualizing movement can create the same thing! If the pulsing sensation isn't that intense, I will do this. I guess I could mention that the impossible movement that I like to visualize is that I'm moving forward as if I'm in a vehicle. I've done this visualization randomly for years
and realized that would be a good one for IMP, assuming it counts as part of that. I like this vs trying to figure out what's impossible in my current position as I feel it requires less effort than anything else and it's so easy for me to visualize. I almost have to think of visualizing it and it could easily happen on its own probably. I'm going to talk more about this when I do my journal of my extremely Deja Vu dream. Basically, I used to visualize this movement of me going several hundred miles an hour, which often resulted in losing awareness and having a false awakening back when I properly had lucid dreams from sleep paralysis! I don't need to visualize it this quickly, but just enough that it helps engage the process happening. If IMP seems like too much effort, this may be worth trying. I literally just visualize myself moving forward in my sleeping position and it helps engage the whole process. It's possibly the easiest visualization I can do, and I never thought of using it for this until recently! I'll talk more about it then and in some of my next experiences I have to journal yet. I should probably stop before I ruin my bed time and opportunity to try this tomorrow.
