# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I got to bed a little later than planned. I didn't really have the best plan for my workflow, so things got a little late. I still set a 5 hour and 40 minute smart alarm from the time I did get to bed. When I woke up from it in the morning, I shut off all other alarms, checked my sleep chart, and I had a decent sized REM chunk with light and deep sleep prior, so I knew it would be a little while before my next REM cycle would happen. I had to get up early for my second vaccine for the current pandemic. I wanted to sleep a little, but I didn't want to wake up from REM. Next thing I knew, I kept snoozing, which is addicting. It's been a little while since I've done much of that, but I did it today. Next thing I knew, I snoozed in the middle of a dream. I didn't have that much time left, but decided to do it one more time. I might've actually snoozed during two REM cycles caused by REM rebound between each. Before the third snooze, I naturally woke up before it went off. I was wondering how my REM would be split up during that time. It was one chunk with red tick marks where I was only awake for like a minute before going back into REM. I was unaware this was happening at the time. I knew I wanted to get up for the day around that time and snoozed a little. I had some pretty long dreams in between the snooze.

I think I will share the last one here because it's pretty interesting and has to do with sleep paralysis a little. I was on my computer, which by the way, is kind of in critical condition right now. I suspect I have a failed RAM module as I ran a memory diagnostic and it said hardware issues within the first percent of progress! I'll have to look at it when I get a chance. I've been using this MacBook for a little while as my college computer. Anyway, the computer was working in the dream and I think I was either running a virtual machine of Windows XP or actually running it, likely with AHCI mode configured in the BIOS. All I remember is running XP. I needed to restart it for some reason. I remember hitting restart, looking out the Window for like a couple seconds, and it was already on the desktop again! That's even faster than my RAM disk or anything like that! I was surprised. I eventually noticed the screen was doing kind of a warping in the edges making a similar motion to a flag in wind. It reminded me of what CRT screens would do. I was convinced at the moment XP was CRT screen friendly like interlacing is vs progressive on flat screens. Anyway, as I was noticing that, it started slowly warping even more and more! It got really crazy! It slowly got to the point where the famous background with the clouds and grass kept coming in from random parts of the screen and eventually doing multiple crazy things like that at the same time! I remember enjoying watching that! I would try to make a video showing it, but I don't have time. I thought about how much it kind of represented what sleep paralysis felt like, so I started recording the screen so I could show people what it represents later. I just realized how weird recording the screen sounds. I don't think it would work that way. I suppose it could've been in a virtual machine in full screen. Anyway, I woke up and was obviously thinking about sleep paralysis. As I was doing that, I kept getting the split-second pulsing sensation. I knew I had to get up because I remembered snoozing, but I decided to see if I could quickly enter sleep paralysis again by relaxing my breathing and tricking my body into thinking I'm still asleep in that moment. It did two sets of the pulsing twice over 2 seconds! That's all though. I think part of me must've realized I had to get up and stopped. I noticed I had like 5 minutes before the alarm was going to go off again! All that happened within about 3 minutes! Around one minute of sleep paralysis or maybe quicker to get there in the first place was part of it! The dream may have been two minutes and felt like 10 or 15! REM rebound could've made me feel the previous dreams, like the one of receiving tasty multi-vitamins from a friend who I was trying to remember their name and realized in the dream. It was right before the snooze that led me to the XP related dream. I dreamt they lived on an apartment I will live on within campus!

I expected REM to take about an hour or 55 minutes even with all the snoozing. It's hard to tell that I snoozed, but the red ticks on the chart indicate where. It was about 57 minutes, like I thought! I had some pretty vivid dreams before starting that by the way. Part of it involved a candle where I could make it look like it wasn't lit, but was. Moving it slightly would make it easier to tell it is in fact, lit! It kept moving on its own and I was holding something while trying to "chase" it on the counter. I remember being surprised how I caught it and stuff. It was still moving. I remember cursing about it and a friend was watching everything that was happening. I asked them to do a favor and hold it, which would help with everything! I was able to set stuff down. I remember having a dream of skydiving right before that! I was confused on when to open the parachute and stuff, but I think things worked out okay. It was super vague. Anyway, being able to predict the time and knowing how quickly I fell asleep each time I snoozed, makes me want to mess around with that during REM time! I think it would be interesting to see what would happen, especially if I'm tired and don't know how long it will take before REM happens again. I guess that's one way of finding out. I keep snoozing with awareness each time and when I recall a dream, that means it's REM time! That would be interesting to try if the amount of time for REM is unknown. I would remember how many times each time at least. I'd try to maybe fall asleep consciously and maybe have some practice this way!
