# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I ended up going to bed later like I thought I would. The same thing could happen tonight, but we might be able to make things happen earlier hopefully. I noticed that I practically forgot to do the typical breathing technique that I do to fall asleep. It wouldn't have been necessary. When I was getting into a trance, I kept hearing a high pitched sound or something. It could have something to do with my brainwave state during that time. I was really tired. After about two minutes, I felt a bug on my arm and that snapped me out of a trance, but I went back in very quickly. That's one thing that sucks about living in the country. Anyway, setting a smart alarm for 5 hours and 40 still worked pretty well! It went off about 15 minutes before it was meant to. I'd woken up from a REM cycle that lasted about an hour! It definitely felt like I had been dreaming for a while. I checked my sleep chart and didn't have that much deep sleep unfortunately. I set a 55 minute timer for targeting REM rebound. I remember waking up just a little before it was up. According to my sleep chart, I was in light sleep the entire time. I guess I underestimated the amount of time! I can't remember if I tried another timer, but that's really all the results I had for the day. I'm looking forward to when I have an easier time targeting REM again. I suppose I could make sure I get a decent amount of REM and maybe target like 15 minutes before I would expect to wake up. That would probably give me around the last 15 minutes of my REM. Maybe it would be better to overestimate a little than underestimate. I will go for an hour, then 45 minutes, then maybe an hour again. For the last cycle, I might actually try the alarm snoozing thing and trying to stay awake as I'm nearing the last REM cycle like I did February 12th. I guess I will try again tomorrow and overestimate a little instead of underestimate. As long as I reasonably seek REM (from learning and unique memories), it should be long enough that it's still happening. Honestly, having a busy day with interesting things happening should help as I didn't think I would have that much REM and that's what happened yesterday.
