# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! Once again, I didn't plan on having it. I didn't really get to bed at the best time as usual during the weekend. I think the reason it happened today was because of snoozing a few times before getting up. I was really tired, all I wanted to do was go back to sleep. That's how it's been the past couple days. I'm going to go to bed earlier tonight, so hopefully I'll have several REM cycles next to each other where I feel awake and asleep at the same time. I will try using my dream recall method to increase dream recall and hopefully have sleep paralysis like I did last Monday and Tuesday. It usually works when going to bed earlier to catch up on sleep, so I want to take advantage of that. I think today, it literally happened from snoozing and not having it on mind at all. I think I had multiple dreams from snoozing, so I might have had REM where my sleep chart doesn't report it towards the end. It felt continuous between multiple snoozes, so there's no way everything I dreamt about happened within the last 5 minutes of REM. Had to have been at least 20 or 30 minutes worth. The number of things happening just can't happen within 5 minutes, trust me! I've been sort of practicing emotional control like when playing Subway Surfers, even in close situations! I also watched parts of The Matrix I like with some of the fight scenes and being the one.

This time, I focused on breathing deeply, but with ease. It brought me probably about 40 or 50 seconds into it! I did notice that the pulsing sensation basically stops when I exhale and starts again when I inhale! The important thing is that if I can't remember what I need to do on the spot, I don't worry about it until I do think of it. When I'm not witnessing sleep paralysis, I can do it correctly every time without even thinking at all from my standpoint! I just do whatever feels natural until I remember that I want to breathe deeply with ease. That worked today. I was inhaling almost all the way and didn't even wake up when I thought I would have! That might be slightly overdoing it, so I think I will do it slightly less. At a certain point, I feel lazy to breathe any deeper than I am, which is probably about 75% of a full inhale. I think I will go just a tiny bit past the lazy point, like 80%. I might even gradually decrease over time so it goes back to normal. I think doing that would allow me to not worry about accidentally waking up. In the past, it's obvious that I didn't wake up even though I clearly worried about that possibility. I think one of the most important things is to literally pretend I'm asleep and act like it the entire time. One thing I would often forget is remembering to do it with ease, so I could wake up by forgetting that, so I think if I'm snoozing, I should practice easing into it for about 10 seconds before shutting off the alarm. Speaking of snoozing, my Fitbit alarm went off during sleep paralysis again! This time, it was about 20 seconds into it. I knew right away I would ignore it since I remembered the first time it happened and literally journaled it just a couple days ago! Combining exhaling with feeling like the pulsing stopped, I had my alarm going off at the same time! I was thinking maybe I could enter a dream again this time doing my breathing and what I remembered last time. If you haven't seen last November's entry, read that because I entered a lucid dream from sleep paralysis while the alarm was going off basically the whole time! After about 45 seconds probably, I woke up and stopped my alarm and got up for the day. What are the chances the alarm during sleep paralysis would happen again pretty much exactly 6 months later? I think the emotional control thing worked pretty much entirely because I didn't wake up from the alarm directly. I still made it another 20 or 25 seconds past when the alarm started going off! I didn't have any hallucinations I remember by the way.

I think I woke up because I might have been overdoing my deep breathing. It's probably fine for a while, but I might have started to go too deeply or too quickly or something. I think I'm only going to go deeply for a little while and not the entire time. Since it feels like it stops while exhaling, I might try only exhaling like half way or a little beyond and maybe even inhaling slightly slower. I might ask Daniel Love when I get a chance to see his take on this deep breathing and stuff. I sent a super chat on the most recent live stream of his 25k party and also became a member! Me and my brother were both watching it and appear throughout the stream chat. I may join his Telegram chat today since I'm a member and ask him then. We'll see. Anyway, I will try to remember to inhale only slightly past the "lazy" zone and maybe not exhale a whole lot. Most of all, I will try to remember to pretend I'm asleep as far as my body is concerned and keep my head completely still. I think I could move slightly, but definitely not my head. I think the most important thing is not worrying about remembering the steps right away and eventually ease into it. I'll practice that while snoozing for the first 10 seconds of it. It will be harder to remember then, but if I can, then I should be able to do it during the intermittent sleep paralysis. Everything is to be done with ease!
