# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis once today. I ended up waking up from it probably around 20-30 seconds into it. It's very possible that I got tricked by when it feels like it stopped. I focused on making sure I had no tension at first. I kept having the negative connotation of waking up by accident. As usual, it went on a little longer than I thought it would given those negative connotations. I think I should have kept paying attention to the tension, especially more when I'm afraid of accidentally waking up! I sort of forgot about the relaxing element too. I should feel extremely relaxed if I'm doing everything right. If I feel like my legs are moving from the vibrations, that's normal and I should let that happen. Towards the end, I was thinking about making sure I don't forget to maintain awareness. I think that's around when I woke up. It felt so vague that I'm surprised I didn't miss when it happened. I noticed I didn't really feel any tingling throughout my body as far as I can remember even after paying attention to it. It was just the pulsing sensation in my head and even that was vague as well. I should keep remembering the big 3: check for tension pretty much constantly, but even more when I'm afraid of waking up; make sure I feel relaxed; and maintain awareness, probably through the sensations and paying attention to how it happens. When I have a false awakening, I probably do the first two. There is a bit of margin, so even if I screw up at a split second, I will probably be in sleep paralysis. I should try to remember that even if it feels like it ended, I should stay still for at least a couple seconds and see if it comes back like it does 30 seconds into it. I remember being in a vague dream and thinking about how I'm waiting to have sleep paralysis. I ended up in it that moment! The dream actually felt like I was watching it more than being in it and that if I concentrated on sleep paralysis, I was pretty much there. I'm going to start going to bed an hour earlier starting tonight. It would allow me to have an extra cycle on days I have to get up a little earlier and maybe even one more on days I can sleep in. I'm really going to try to make it consistent. It will be hard to do that during the weekend when I visit family, but I will really try to keep it close.

When I went to bed, I decided to after doing my breathing technique, focus on counting my natural breaths for a while. I would loosely bring my attention back if I noticed I wasn't counting any more. It seems to work pretty decent. Anyway, I unfortunately still had one of those "augmented" dreams in the middle of the might. Usually, it happens after my first deep sleep, but this time it didn't. Anyway, when I woke up this morning, I could see I didn't have that much deep sleep. I decided to proceed anyway. Basically, my idea for how to do the timer method and mix things up now is to set my timer for a time close to before my REM cycle starts. Based on when that is happening, that's what I should probably target. I failed this the first time I tried it. I think it ended up going off like before my deep sleep ended unfortunately. I don't really recall stopping it that time. I eventually woke up from a short REM cycle and realized I missed it. I know that my light sleep when I set a 7:30 smart alarm, which I did today and woke up at 7:15ish, is about 45 minutes before I have REM again, so I set it for around that time. The second time, it's usually around a half hour. I think that depends on how long or short the REM cycle before that is. I should be able to tell based on how vivid my dream was. It should take longer like close to an hour for a really long vivid dream. The third time is usually about an hour. I think I was about 20 minutes less than the actual result. The second one was the one I succeeded with. When I say succeeded, that's when I had sleep paralysis, not necessarily when I induced a lucid dream from it. I'm sure I make mistakes within sleep paralysis that could have been preventable. I know that it will take a little longer to fall asleep if I have sleep paralysis before going back to sleep, so I should maybe add at least 20 minutes to my next timer when that happens vs doesn't. Basically, the trick is to set the timer closer to when REM actually happens. I'm trying to avoid using my apps as it's not required for doing it this way. Lately, I've actually been using alarms a minute apart from each other just to make sure I don't miss it. It seems to help when I remind myself that it's going to go off. Being pressured by time shouldn't be an issue as the amount of light sleep and awake seem to correlate with each other, but combined, end up being around the same amount of time. There is quite a bit of margin regarding that, so being pressured to fall asleep isn't an excuse because of the margin. Anyway, I think when it goes off, I will keep myself awake for at least a minute without getting into any trances before going back to sleep. Since I have two or three alarms within a minute to make sure I don't miss it, I will stay awake until another alarm goes off.

I have a special calculation I do to estimate about how long light sleep will be. It's probably unnecessary, but if I want to estimate on the spot, it might be worth doing. I found that at least for me, I could estimate based on what happened the previous two cycles. I base a cycle on when REM cycles occur. The cycle between my last REM and before that should count if they're around 45 minutes or more apart. If they're around 10 minutes, I consider it part of the same cycle. Same with the cycle before that. That cycle I think should be at least an hour, otherwise I should combine it with the previous REM cycle until it's around an hour or more. When I look at two cycles ago, I add minutes of deep and light sleep together even if there are like 5 chunks of either. Then I look at the amount of REM and if there's multiple chunks I consider part of the same cycle, I add those together. Then I divide by two and round to the nearest even. If there's a 30 seconds after, I round it up and if it rounds to an odd number of minutes, I round that. 34 minutes and 30 seconds would round to 36. Then I divide that by 2 and subtract that from the combined light and deep sleep I added earlier. I then figure out the difference between that and 45. If my result was 65, that's +20, so I will then run a similar calculation on the last sleep cycle and subtract 20 from that result as it's the opposite of +20. I'll go to the most recent sleep cycle, add all of those light and deep sleeps even if multiple within that cycle. Then take the REM there and divide by two and subtract that. Then I will add or subtract the difference from the calculation two cycles ago, in this case I'd subtract 20 because of the +20. Then I will add 5. There is a place where I would add 10 as I'm awake for close to 10 minutes when I check the sleep chart, but then I would subtract 5 because it tends to overshoot, so I just add 5 in the end. Then I take 90 minus that number. If the result is close to 0 or even negative, I will redo the calculation and count stuff after the previous REM chunk I didn't count as part of that calculation and hopefully I'll get a better result. The timer I set would be for that result. It should be really close. Otherwise, if I give up, I will do 45 minutes for my first cycle based on what's happened, 30 minutes for the next, and at least an hour for the last one. That probably doesn't make sense, but it's a way I found I can predict how much light sleep I will have before my next REM after going back to sleep. You could just notice patterns too. There are so many factors, like when you go to bed, how much deep and REM sleep you get which is based on exercise and the experiences throughout the day. More of each can increase each I found. If I want to do critical thinking before going back to sleep, which can help, that's how I can do it. The worse thing that would probably happen is that I would wake up a couple minutes into the start of my REM cycle. I would probably know because I would realize that I was just dreaming a little and/or my eyes would feel like they have magnets on the top or bottom. In that case, I would try to do the same thing just to see what happens. If it doesn't seem to help, I would use the interval timer version of my app with just the interval. That calculation probably doesn't make sense, so I think I will create a video with some examples and put that up if it doesn't take a lot of space on my free Github plan.
