# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I've actually had it 5 times since last time, including this one, but I haven't gotten around to journaling until now. I've probably forgotten some of the detail, but I'll do my best here. Anyway, I was telling people in waking life that because I was getting up earlier than normal, I definitely won't have it. The opposite happens! It definitely happened from snoozing the alarm and probably accidentally maintaining awareness with the monkey-mind. I snoozed my alarm and don't even feel like I went to sleep before it started! Actually, I might have, but it happened so quick I can't say. I've been waking up accidentally so much lately that I decided to try things to not wake up since I wasn't expecting it in the first place. I've been talking to Daniel Love about how to not wake up and stuff, and it has to do with not focusing on breathing and maintaining awareness. The main thing is that I have to fight through my expectations and it will require some mental re-programming to do it successfully. I'm not supposed to do anything special other than maintaining awareness. He was also talking about using the Impossible Movement Practice to transition to the dream body. Anyway, I'm totally expecting to wake up and just kept fighting through my expectations. I entered a dream and thought I woke up! I didn't get lucid, but if I remember correctly, I knew that I didn't accidentally wake up during the dream! I mean this really defied my expectations, but it worked anyway! The dream I had lasted a fairly long time, not lucid, but I kept thinking about how instantaneously it happened. I was thinking about how I could get it to instantaneously happen on a regular basis like it did that day. I don't remember the thoughts, but that's more or less what happened. I didn't accidentally wake up this time! I consider that major progress! Next time, I just have to do that again and maintain awareness. Realizing that happened made it so much easier to get up for the day!

Another thing I think I will mention that doesn't correlate with this day is that when I got back from vacation and got to sleep in again, I ended up having REM for a total of over 3 hours! I've been wondering whether that is possible because I've gotten really close in the past, and it is! I'll show a sleep chart of that as well. I actually didn't have super great dream recall because I was catching up on sleep and had the most deep sleep towards the end of the night instead of the beginning, so that hindered with it for sure. I do remember waking up several times and being in a dream with just about no in-between. It was either one or the other nearly instantly. The amount of REM I had in each cycle from left to right is: 20 min, 21, 29 and 30 second, 41 min, 45, and 39 min! I sure wish I had my deep sleep earlier in the night and that I had done WBTB with dream recall at least because I'm sure I would've forgotten about waking life for a long time being in the dream world so long! Oh well. Just wanted to share that.
