# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today with a false awakening, but with a lot more maintained awareness than recently. I got to bed a little later than I was hoping. I was actually planning to take a melatonin and go to bed around 11:30, but that didn't work out. I wanted to take a shower, but someone was using it for I'm guessing around 45 minutes, so that didn't help either. I'll take about sleep paralysis next paragraph. The ringing in the ear was still happening, but it did it while I was waiting for the shower! Since I wasn't trying to sleep, although my eyes were closing while standing and waiting, I paid more attention to it. I noticed a major difference between the real one and the ringing. The ringing isn't always consistent and only does it a couple seconds at a time tops. It also only happens in one ear at a time. There is different sounds if both ears are doing it. If it persists very consistently for at least 10 seconds, I will then be concerned; otherwise, it is fake. I also added the decibel level to my TV screensaver, so I can reference that to be sure if it persists that long. By the way, it has NOTHING to do with being in a trance like state as I implied before. It also happened this morning a little. I noticed I was able to think about it to manipulate how it sounds, which can help me detect if it's real or not without moving and stuff. I'm slowly adjusting to it like I would with jet lag. That's what I did with the regular ringing that happens every night naturally. It used to bother me several years ago when I kept getting exploding head syndrome like symptoms. I don't think it was actually that, but symptoms were very similar. A loud bang or pop type sound for a split second, accompanied by a flash of some sort if my eyes are closed. It often looks like a colored, spiral type pattern. When my eyes are open while it happens, my vision suddenly distorts with the sound for a split-second. It used to happen multiple times a night, but now it rarely happens (maybe a few times a year, but I honestly haven't been keeping track). I fixed it mainly by not having my hand on my ear between my head and pillow. Underneath the pillow is much better, or somewhere else. It also used to give me these kind of problems, but much worse! Having a fear of it happening only kept me awake longer and increased the chances mainly because of that. One could try to reduce the problem with white noise or something, but I'd say if it's long term, just learn to get used to it because I think it's less effort and eventually won't think about it anymore as it's part of the norm. The ringing is only a problem now because of what it sounds like. I'm almost as used to it as I am the regular ringing! It might take a little longer to get used to than jet lag, but I'd say it's definitely worth it long term! It only becomes a thought if it stops one night, which would be unusual!

Anyway, to the sleep paralysis experience. When I woke up, I realized I missed my smart alarm, but caught it with one of the other ones I set a couple minute later in case that happened. I checked my sleep chart and had a bunch of light sleep without REM recently. The sleep chart didn't properly report the rest of the day, so I will only include the first screenshot. The JSON file might have the rest of the data. I had more light sleep than the screenshot has, so I don't know what that's about. It was like almost 70 minutes before waking up at 6:54ish, which showed it at the time. I had a strong feeling REM was around the corner. I knew it would probably take a long time if that was the case because I was awake for a little while. I ended up doing the 10 + 10 method, except I immediately did cardio in that moment and kept my mind awake for 10 minutes. I caught myself when I got in a trance-like state. I had a hard time falling asleep this morning, so I knew the chances were pretty good! If that is the case, it's probably a good opportunity to do this, especially if it's because of mixed up sleep! Anyway, I had some sort of dream I think and it eventually collapsed into sleep paralysis. I definitely felt like I was in a different location during it. It felt like a hybrid of my bedroom and dorm. The first thing I did was make sure I was breathing comfortably. I noticed the more quickly I breathed, the more intense the tingling and pulsing sensation was. It was more than breathing deeply. Then, I made sure I didn't have tension build-up. There wasn't any since I was breathing comfortably, and that's where there usually is. Then I focused on maintaining awareness and subconsciously monitoring these two things. I remember actively thinking about the pulsing sensation and even told myself it's the Antonia actively pumping. I also pretended to show someone what it was like and why it's not scary.

It felt pretty stable, but towards the end, about 50 seconds into it, it felt like it pretty much stopped. It eventually felt like it started again especially when paying attention to breathing and tension again. There weren't really any hallucinations yet, which I thought was strange. That's the longest I remember being in it so far this year. I just realized I used to remind myself it was an opportunity to lucid dream, but I haven't really done that yet this year. I wonder if that would help. Eventually when sleep paralysis came back, I started hallucinating and was in the dream very quickly. I don't actually remember it very well, just that hallucinations happened quick before the real dream. I remember briefly opening my eyes by accident and then closing them towards the middle of it. I think that's how I had a sense of where I was. I think it might've been a little over a minute, but eventually I was in another dream that I don't remember very good. I remember there being what people would probably describe as the "demon". This was the last thing that happened before the dream ended, not during sleep paralysis itself. That's never happened before. I remember staying very calm because I somehow wasn't convinced it was real, even though I wasn't lucid. I don't remember exactly what happened, but I do remember it giving me some pain. I could see like a video game type map (like in GTA or Midnight Club 3) in front of me of my body and I think that's where the character was cutting or something. I felt pain in those areas I could see it doing on the map. I noticed the character's face was made of puzzle type material, so I started ripping pieces off. Then I woke up. That sounds kind of scary, but I wasn't scared at all. I somehow knew it wasn't real. I just ripped its face like a pro and that was that. I probably shouldn't mention this last part, but I believe it might be relevant if it happens to you. While I was in sleep paralysis, I noticed one of my hands touching my privates. I didn't want it to, but I knew moving my hand would probably wake me up, so I just left it. I think I completely forgot about it starting about 20 seconds into sleep paralysis. When I woke up, I think it was between my legs, not in my pants. Might've been an illusion. Anyway, I thought the experience was really cool because of how far I made it into it and how I didn't wake up this time either! I wonder if I'm getting better at that! 

After I woke up, I tried again, but with a 30 minute timer. I wasn't falling asleep and it had 13 minutes left. I decided to just catch myself when I got into a trance. I kept having that ringing in the ears then too. I remember eventually thinking of getting up for the day, but next thing I knew, I was having an audio hallucination of accidentally turning my razor on. I remember trying to find it to turn it off as I knew the cover was on. I also remember it hanging on the wall with one of those necklace things hanging on a thumbtack. That must've been a dream, but sure didn't feel like it. It felt like I was watching it and I really only remember the audio hallucination more than anything else!
