# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I got to bed pretty late last night like I thought I would. I'm really going to try getting back on track especially considering what happened today. I can sleep in for Lucid Dreaming Day, so I will take a melatonin to help me get back on track. I really want to stick to it because I want to try to have a wake initiated sleep paralysis as that's only happened once by accident and I've been trying to achieve it for so long! Today, I woke up naturally like 35 minutes before my smart alarm would have gone off. It didn't go off at all because it only goes off up to 30 minutes before, not 35. I disabled them because I was awake. Anyway, the first thing I tried was keeping myself awake the entire time for 10 minutes and then catching myself get into a trance a couple times after that. I looked at my sleep chart and it looked like REM was around the corner, so I didn't do the 10 minutes asleep prior to this. After the timer was up, I forgot to catch myself getting into a trance. I failed to witness sleep paralysis when it happened. After waking up, I remember having a very brief dream. It was within a 5 minute REM cycle I guess.

I then started my 30 minute app because I wanted to try to see if I could be awake going into sleep paralysis this time. It was a little before 9 and that's how long it usually takes to have a REM cycle around that time. When it woke me up, I don't remember moving that much at all! I remember it happening and it vibrating all 10 times! I briefly told myself to stay awake so I could fall asleep consciously. I remember having a split-second buzzing type sensation twice within 15 or 20 seconds. I told myself it could be around the corner. Unfortunately, I fell asleep right after that. I had a decently vivid dream around that time. When I eventually woke up, I checked my sleep chart and also my app as I programmed it to tell me what time it vibrated. I had light sleep for 27 minutes around that time. My app vibrated at 9:15 and my REM started at 9:16! I was just a minute off! Now I really wish I spent more effort into staying awake! That split second pulsing I had twice was probably actually sleep paralysis starting like it did February 12th! I need to remind myself when the app goes off, I'm not allowed to go to sleep until 15 minutes later when dream clues start happening. That's if there's no sign of REM coming and I'm still awake the entire time. If I time things really good, it could happen within a couple minutes like today! If signs of REM start showing up after let's say 10 minutes, then I will try to stay awake the entire time. The first 15 minutes is looking for signs of REM. I want to stay aware the entire time if they start showing up within that time. I should remind myself that and continually focus on comfortable breathing and no tension build-up. I don't think I tossed or turned. I must've worked my way around the rollover signal because I don't remember feeling it. It had probably already happened. I shouldn't be dependent on staying awake from that. I should cycle through my breathing, tension and maybe what I want to dream about. I think it might be easier to do when I get a relatively consistent sleep schedule where it's within 20 minutes of the previous nights regularly. I need to spend extra effort doing this especially if REM signs show up, like the split-second pulsing sensation or another rollover signal. When I checked my sleep chart the other day, it was within a couple minutes. That's factoring tossing and turning and falling asleep during those couple minutes! Not responding to the signal could've probably made it happen much quicker than that considering the body waits until I'm likely asleep before testing again.
