# Failed Attempt

I failed today. Fortunately, my sleep chart works again! I went to bed around 12:50, but what happened last night could've easily kept me up all night! I was fortunate that I finally fell asleep around 2! I got to the point where I decided not to try anything at all in the morning. I will explain what happened starting in the third paragraph and hope this wouldn't happen to any of you. I was originally going to try seeing if I could induce a WILD by falling asleep consciously, but not starting until my REM cycle was near and would've naturally happened. I would do the stuff I do during sleep paralysis, including not trying to lie still, but instead, making sure I don't have tension build-up throughout my body where I can still make minute movements. Instead of having to possibly stay awake for around 55 minutes, I would maybe sleep for the first 45 or so and just stay awake for around 10 minutes as I try this. I'd use the rollover signal to stay awake and pay attention to any sign of the pulsing sensation like what happened February 12th this year. I'm going to see if I can get this working regularly because I think it would be a great way to celebrate Lucid Dreaming Day April 12th! I think this would be amazing if I could get that working! It could also possibly help if I snoozed my alarm until around the time I would try to stay awake because that's what I did that day. I would be used to being more awake, which would help. Also, I sometimes don't remember the timer going off if it's set for too long and stuff. Snoozing would ensure it isn't too long as I would keep waking up within short periods of time.

This morning, I attempted this, but didn't know how long things would be. I did a 45 minute timer using my app, which I modified so it only does dream clues instead of the interval timer. I did that because I am trying to stay awake and don't want the interval timer to startle me and mess everything up! It still does dream clues, but doesn't start until 15 minutes in. Obviously that's not necessary, but I think it could help me regain lucidity if I lose it for any reason. It buzzes 3 times every 5 seconds over a 15 second period. This happens every 5 minutes right now. The buzzing is super light like Lucid Hole does with its dream clues so I would notice it but it wouldn't be enough to wake me up. Anyway, I don't remember the timer within the app going off! When I woke up about an hour after that timer went off, I noticed the app was still running. I don't remember any dream clues either. The main vibration was going off for at least 20 seconds and I didn't even stop it, but still don't remember it either! This is probably because of the little sleep I got and that I didn't really wake myself up that much before starting this. My sleep score was 56 out of 100 when attempting this! That's probably the worse I've ever gotten! It might average around 75, but hopefully will go up as I go to bed around an hour earlier! I've been getting around 8 hours of sleep the past couple days when the sleep chart was only basic. Anyway, since I went to bed later, I don't know how accurate the numbers are. Maybe I will try basing tomorrow based on what happened after a 5 hour and 40 minute smart alarm. Since dream clues doesn't start until 15 minutes later, I will maybe go to sleep if nothing has happened and dream clues start happening. On the other hand, I want an accurate representation for Friday, which might get thrown off by staying awake for that long.

Anyway, now to what could've kept me up the entire night. I really hope nothing like this happens to you guys. I just about had a mental breakdown because of this! The only times I've felt close to that is when I'm trying to do something like a project and Murphy's law is cursing me bad during the process. Fortunately, that hasn't happened recently, but the thing that can cause that is all the glitches I encounter when using Davinci Resolve. I guess it's slowly improving, but I often believe it's not cut out to be a video editor! It has so many glitches, I would rather go back to Premiere Pro most of the time! People say that has a lot of problems, but wait until they encounter the problems I have with Resolve! They will cling back to Premiere; pretty much guarantee it! I could make at least a 6 hour video complaining about bugs I've had to deal with and what should happen instead! I've nearly broke my knuckles on the punching bag and have had blood from it because of this program!

Anyway, back to the issue. I had gotten into a trance, but I suddenly got ringing in the ears real badly. It sounded like the fire alarm going off! I had my hearing aids out, so I couldn't tell if it was real or if it was just the ringing. It was just happening in my left ear, which has much worse hearing, but then it suddenly sounded like it was actually going off! My heart rate went from probably 70 something to 120ish BPM! I didn't really even move to make that happen! I put my hearing aid in to check and it wasn't going off. I took it out and went back to bed. It slowly progressed to even worse to the point where I legitimately thought it was going off even more so yet! I started getting anxiety that it was actually going off. I'm on campus, so it's actually very likely to happen as it has quite a few times in the last year! I wished I could talk to someone about the situation and ask what to do.

One time was around 6 in the morning, and the other times were during the day. I have a vibrating alarm that's supposed to detect when it's going off and wake me up in case I can't hear the real one. The vibrating one didn't trigger that morning, but I could hear the real one! It doesn't trigger because of the frequency (520 HZ vs 3000s). That's the reason I had to check if it was happening last night! I actually thought it was my vibrating one as it sounded exactly the same and I didn't want to wake anyone else up, so I got up and tried unplugging it and taking out the batteries! I had to get my screwdriver and everything! What I didn't realize was that it was the actual alarm! I felt the wall and it was vibrating, so that's when I realized. I pressed the test button on the vibrating one and then it finally went off! I could tell because while it sounds the same, they were not in sync! It has a flash as well and it wasn't going off until I pressed it! Also, one night I randomly had a strong feeling the alarm was going to go off. I don't think I had that much trouble sleeping, but it was still on my mind. Anyway, the following morning, I read an email saying in the main building that a mini-fridge had started on fire and caused quite a bit of damage to the room it was in! That's what followed the strong feeling! Point is, of the 3+ times I've gotten that feeling within the last year, something actually happens following it! I was thinking that would happen with the ringing I was having. I put my hearing aid in a second time, while it is still not going off.

You can imagine I had anxiety and anger built-up from this as I just wanted to get to sleep! I'd been in a trance for at least 5 minutes before this started! I ended up deciding to wear a hearing aid for the night so I could tell if it was actually happening. Before going back to bed, I also made a video explaining the situation while it was happening. I might upload it as an unlisted video and link it here eventually. I was trying not to swear in the video, but it was hard not to! Making and watching it definitely made me feel better! You wouldn't believe how much I wished I was at home though because the chances of it happening there are virtually none. Also, it's at the right frequency and triggers the one at home. As I was going to sleep, I was thinking about reading, but I didn't want to stay up that much later and it was too tiring to think about. The ringing kept happening as I was going back to sleep and just would not stop! I was starting to lose my tolerance over it and was thinking about puncturing my ear just so it would stop! I even got to the point where I wished it would actually go off so I could tell what it would sound like if it was really going off while not wearing hearing aids. I was tempted to be on my phone to keep my mind off it, but I knew that would not help with my ability to fall asleep, so I decided not to. I didn't want to start insomnia again like I had doing it in the past.

Eventually, I noticed myself getting in a trance-like state again, which was wonderful! I think the ringing declined, but was still there so that was wonderful as well! Next thing I knew, I woke up around 4:50 and barely remembered I still had my hearing aid in! The ringing wasn't happening anymore! Even thought I wasn't getting up for the day yet, I was just really excited I made it this far being asleep! I thought about the scene on Young Sheldon where he had trouble sleeping and eventually made it through the night as well! I don't even think I adjusted my sleeping position or anything while asleep! Last night proved the feeling I get sometimes doesn't always mean it's going to actually happen. I was super excited! If the ringing happens again tonight, I think I will be able to hear it clearly if it's actually happening and I will remind myself what happened last night. I had a dream where I talked to someone about it, but this was long after I got over the anxiety. I don't remember if I fully explained the situation to them, but I know they knew I had made it through something scary and frustrating! I realized even if I didn't have anyone to talk to, I could in a dream and it would probably still make me feel better if the issue were still happening! I didn't think of that last night. If I had a bad dream about it, I would do my best to recognize I was dreaming like I did when I used to have nightmares, and talk to someone about my near breakdown there. Anyway, I feel like I grew as a person for some reason going through this experience. I've heard that short-term stress is good for you. I'd say that's true of this even, as long as it doesn't become a problem every night, which I think it will be better tonight and in the future!
