# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I went to bed roughly the same time as the night before. I'm going to try to achieve at least that. I set a smart alarm for 7:30 and woke up around 7:15. I'm surprised I only had one cycle of deep sleep near the beginning of the night. I bet I would have had another one if I slept one more cycle. Anyway, today I ended up targeting REM. I could definitely tell when I woke up from the timer. I decided to stay awake for just a couple minutes to increase my chances of having sleep paralysis so I could induce a lucid dream. I didn't have sleep paralysis, but I had some REALLY vivid dreams! If you're doing wake back to bed, I would recommend trying to target your REM if possible because I forgot how powerful REM rebound is! I think it's easier to do it this way than with alcohol or drugs and doesn't have really any diminishing return. I know REM rebound can be achieved with that, but I've heard it may only work once and probably not in one's favor. Not sure how much truth there is to that, but makes sense.

When it felt like my dream collapsed from getting excited, I literally dreamt about having REM rebound to get back on track within minutes! It felt nearly instant. I even had one point where I checked my Fitbit sleep chart within the dream and apparently I had an 80 minute REM chunk! It was really closer to 54 without REM rebound. I had quite a few lucid dreams! Some things I did include partying while lucid, controlling the weather, summoning things, and giving away money like Mr. Beast. There was a point where I thought I had woken up, but I saw my favorite dogs, which I know are dead now. I remember telling everyone that they're here because I'm dreaming! I was gathered around with several people, so I told them I was going to leave because I was dreaming and essentially told them they have to arrange a meeting with me in waking life if they want me to stay. Last night, I saw Lucid Dream Portal's most recent video on dream control with virtual reality. I don't have a VR headset, so I used my phone, which I think still conveys the idea. Anyway, when I changed the weather, I changed it from being dark and rainy to day with the sun out and not raining. It took around 20 seconds to adjust to that, but it was SO COOL to watch! Usually it just takes a couple seconds to do. It had a transition like the video I watched, which I think is a huge part of it. If I want to change the dream scene, just like what the video shows, I'm going to try to expect the transition on there to happen and let it change to what I want. I feel like attaching expectation to the transition alone can allow it to change. The weather changing almost felt like the scene changing, but only in the sky. I wish I could've taken a video so it can be seen again!

When I gave away money, I literally summoned it out of mid air with everyone watching. I used to watch Wild Kratts as a kid, so I imagined that Jimmy teleported it to me or at least did the effect that gives. I could see how doing it otherwise could make it hard to attach expectation at least with everyone watching, so that's how I did it in front of everyone. It comes down to expectation. If it's hard to attach expectation, I would maybe do a dream command, or what I did with expecting it was going to actually work. There are probably scenes that can be found on YouTube showing the teleportation. The Wild Kratts can shapeshift into animals by the way. Might be worth trying in a lucid dream sometime like how they do it or like Lucid Dream Portal described. Giving the money away definitely felt rewarding seeing everyone's reaction. Would recommend, especially if a fan of Mr. Beast. Tomorrow, I will try my idea of mixing up the timer method, so I may not post the sleep chart for a little.
