# Successful Attempt

In a way, I failed successfully today! I think it took place within a dream itself and ended up being a false awakening. I tried targeting my REM so I could do the REM rebound thing. I set a smart alarm for 5 hours and 40 minutes after I went to sleep. It went off like 27 minutes before it was supposed to again! That seems to be an ideal time to start while waking up naturally! It also gives me margin since it's a smart alarm after all, but it's really close. If you're trying to do that and don't have a smart alarm, you could see where I was (awake before 7) in my sleep and if you have a sleep chart, maybe figure out where you have a similar pattern in light sleep and just set it for that. Otherwise, try 6 hours or maybe around 5 hours and 15 minutes and see what happens. Trial and error can probably achieve similar results. If you're doing multiple sleep cycles, as long as you were awake for at least a little, you should remember waking up each cycle, even doing it every day like I've been. By the way, the first deep sleep cycle was not me. I had my Fitbit set down, but the heart rate sensor was still reading stuff when it shouldn't have been. Maybe my Fitbit was sleeping and parts of its brain reported the sleep stages it had. Great April fools prank Fitbit! The first awake after that and everything after was actually me though. If the alarm wakes me up from a dream, I'll try the REM rebound steps for at least 5 minutes before going back to sleep. Anyway, I eventually got the motivation to get up and check my sleep chart. Once again, it looked like I was going to have REM sooner than 45 minutes, but this time, I trusted my gut since I've been wrong the past few days and it usually leads to a longer REM cycle. I went with 55 minutes to make sure I would be a little into my REM otherwise it might not be as effective. As I was falling back to sleep, I was thinking about the steps for doing it correctly and kept tossing and turning. Just when I had pretty much fallen asleep, my other alarms I normally set go off! I usually have them set in case I somehow don't remember stopping the first one. If I'm "lucid" enough when waking up, I would remember to turn those off. It's almost like a test for that as well. Of course, it had to happen when I was close to probably being in REM! It took a while to fall asleep once again! Eventually, I wake up from the timer going off and I think I felt like I was already awake when it happened. I jumped to conclusions because I sure didn't feel like I was in REM, and my sleep chart indicates I wasn't. I remember having a vague dream, which may have been a little saucy, but I think it collapsed and I woke up for a little. I think that's what happened during the first REM cycle after 8. Any time I say the dream collapsed, it is usually for this reason. It doesn't collapse every time, but often does. I found walking away from the situation when afraid of the dream collapsing seems to help, then approaching the situation again after breathing a little. I don't always remember that though, but it's also not usually an issue when I don't realize I'm dreaming.

Anyway, I must've fallen asleep very quickly because I think I end up in my bedroom in a dream. I remembered I was trying to have REM rebound during that time, so that's what I did in the dream. I could be wrong, but as I was literally getting in bed, I think I started getting multiple split seconds of the pulsing sensation I get in my head during sleep paralysis. I think I also sort of had it before falling asleep into the second REM cycle as well! I knew that because my sleep was interrupted, I would still be likely to have sleep paralysis by accident anyway, so I just went to sleep. Anyway, while I was feeling it in the dream, I made sure I had no tension build-up and stuff and it already started! I was thinking it was because I somehow did REM rebound at that moment, so it was quick. I'm sure when I actually get REM rebound, it will be similar speeds! This still inspired me! Anyway, during sleep paralysis, I remember liking the rhythm the pulsing sensation was happening at for some reason. I can't remember if it was like a song or what, but I'll have to pay attention next time as I remember telling myself it usually happens. Anyway, I usually expect it to feel like it stops around 30 seconds into it and starts again, but it was actually pretty consistent throughout. I remembered towards the end this is where I usually lose awareness. I tried paying a little more attention there while not waking up. Last time I noticed it didn't feel like it stopped when I would have expected it to, I remember it actually stopping probably just thinking about it. I avoided that this time. Anyway, I remember hallucinating audio of a radio! I knew I was far into sleep paralysis this time! Unfortunately, I thought I woke up, but it was a false awakening. Even though I thought I woke up, I was still hearing that radio in my ear. Interestingly, it was only in the right ear. I thought my body was seeking sleep paralysis even thought I thought I accidentally woke up because of REM rebound. I kept getting the pulsing sensation in my head at split seconds. It was weird, but also amazing. When I was expecting the radio to stop, it kept going. I thought that was really awesome! It's been a while since I've had audio hallucinations last that long! I knew that meant progress! I keep forgetting it happened pretty much every time! It's a really strange experience where I'm in the dream before it officially starts!

Tomorrow, I have a really good opportunity. I'm going to try learning a lot of stuff and forming good memories as it will help increase REM and ultimately, make dreams longer and more vivid! In that same false awakening, it sounded like my monitor was going to blow up! I wanted to unplug it as quickly as possible, so I shut off the power strip. I could still hear the noise when going into the other room, even other people, so I quickly ran and remembered I had it plugged into the other wall outlet besides the power strip. I pulled the plug and everything calmed down. I think I was still able to hear the radio hallucination at that point if I remember correctly. It went on for a little while. It ended where I was outside, probably in an area like behind my garage and I noticed behind the trees was a store aisle! It's almost like a cheap movie set where things are like that behind the scenes! Anyway, crazy all that happened in only 13 minutes! 
