# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis today. Well, sort of. It felt like one of those ones that takes place within the dream itself. I had REM rebound. I was able to tell that I for sure woke up from REM because I remember a dream that I just had at that moment. I started the interval version of my app where it "intervates" every 2 minutes four times, but also once 30 seconds after it starts. I remember noticing it buzzing and sort of had a buzzing sensation in my head at a split second. According to my sleep chart, I had a chunk of light sleep before going back into REM, but had an awake chunk for 4 minutes and 30 seconds with a 5 minute light sleep chunk following REM. I made it so I can start the interval timer by pressing a button now so I fall asleep quicker. I'm starting to think I somehow woke up naturally before I was going to actually go into REM. Anyway, I eventually noticed myself in sleep paralysis. While I was in it, I had the sensation of going from one side of my bed to the other. I even remember having a sensation of sitting up before feeling I was on the other side.

This time, I noticed vibrational sensations. It was weird because it sort of felt on and off. I know about 30 seconds into it, it felt like it stopped completely. I remembered to lie there and expect it's what usually happens and that it would come back. It did within a few seconds! I felt like I maintained awareness until the dream manifested! The dreams felt like it lasted so long within an 18 minute REM chunk! I kept telling people how I usually mess up in some way when I get it, but that I was in the first dream of 2021 where I didn't mess up! However, after waking up, I started to question if I had actually fully maintained awareness. I barely remember if any hallucinations happened, and that includes the final dream that manifests! I bet if you're lucid and want to see what sleep paralysis is like, you can have a lucid dream about it! It might be worth asking the dream how a dream forms. If you've been reading my descriptions, your subconscious should be able to give an accurate portrayal, especially since it goes through it every time anyway! 
