# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I woke up before and after the timer. I even did a cardio exercise after the timer, but I was only awake for three minutes despite that. I should have a regular day where I sleep in ideally, but I want to push to the limits right now and figure out how to work with that. It makes me feel very tired each day, but I think it's worth it if I figure this out. Things I've naturally done, like taking awhile to fall asleep after the timer, I don't do when doing it every day. I want to figure out how to still achieve that. I remember it feeling like I was plenty awake after the timer, but only for a couple minutes. What I'm going to try tomorrow is keeping myself awake for a certain amount of time before actually going back to sleep after the timer. I'm going to do a 12 minute timer and keep myself awake during another 10 minute timer. Being awake for that will naturally happen if doing every so often instead of every day. I can't let myself get into a trance like state, not once, during that 10 minute timer or that could ruin my chances when I do fall asleep. Also, I had a deep sleep sometime after doing the steps. I went to bed about an hour earlier which was nice. I didn't have a whole lot of deep sleep when I checked before starting the timer, but it was all at the beginning of the night, so I figured it would be fine and maybe correct itself a little. I'd say at least 30-35 minutes of deep sleep, even before it corrects itself when I get up for the day. Basically, I keep myself awake for about 10 minutes after the timer is up, or I'll fall asleep to quickly to succeed. I can do that naturally attempting no more than every other day, but not every day.
