# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis at least once this day! To be perfectly honest, I don't remember if this happened on the 29th or 30th. I remember being super sleepy at first when waking up, but I very quickly became more awake as I got up for a little. I think it took a little to fall asleep, but eventually I witnessed sleep paralysis. I have a sense of lying down in a different place. I don't know where that comes from, but it's a weird feeling. I was once again, focusing on avoiding the adrenaline rush, but forgot I can lucid dream from it. I have a problem with associating the experiences with lucid dreaming. I got too wrapped up in not accidentally waking up. Eventually, I believe the sensations stopped once again and I was really bummed out I woke up. I was with my brother and dad and was sad in front of them, which usually doesn't happen. Well, it turns out I didn't accidentally wake up once again! I just thought I did with the sensations stopping! The dream I was in being sad in front of them, only lasted like a minute and was super vague and almost only visualized, then I woke up for real. I think I might've fallen asleep relatively quickly, but didn't have super good dream recall and was thinking about it a little while falling asleep. Suddenly, I had some pretty vivid dreams and was surprised how long it seemed to last. I didn't get lucid, but a recurring dream sign I had literally all week that week was there and that's mainly what happened. I think I might've witnessed sleep paralysis a second time, but I really don't remember the experience if any. 
