# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I went to bed around the average time, maybe a little worse. I can't remember. This morning, I was really tired and didn't want to do it once again. I mean I do it everyday in the past, but I didn't feel this tired! I also noticed that I had accidentally woke up from REM. I think I remember having a smart alarm going off, but I didn't do anything because of how tired I was. I also literally had only 0 minutes of deep sleep at the time! My sleep chart eventually corrected itself, but it still wasn't a lot. I will include a screenshot at the time because it's the most bizarre one I've seen. It definitely made me not want to try anything today. At first, the first REM cycle was literally the longest, even though I had just woken up from what felt like a long one when checking! Anyway, it's pretty much just doing the snoozing thing. I woke myself up for a little while. I got tired very quickly after going back to sleep. I don't think I actually did the snoozing the first time, at least not that much, because I had woken up in the middle of REM and knew I would probably have REM rebound actually. Then I tried it the cycle after. I didn't feel super tired that time. I kept snoozing and not getting anywhere. I can't remember if I gave up after that last red tick mark or what, but it was way longer than I thought before the next REM cycle would happen! I literally snoozed like 5 or 6 times. I couldn't think clearly. When I had meant to turn it off instead of snoozing, I snoozed and woke myself up, possibly prolonging REM. I honestly couldn't tell for sure. This is the reason I want a more consistent sleep schedule! I wouldn't feel as tired in the day, I wouldn't be getting up as late, and my time before REM would be much more predictable! Tomorrow, I'm hoping to have more deep sleep and will try targeting REM rebound rather than assuming I will just get sleep paralysis from snoozing a lot with very little awareness.
