# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis today! I had the timer set for the same time and the smart alarm woke me up a minute later than yesterday, so I must've had a consistent sleep schedule yesterday and today for it to be that close! Anyway, I checked my sleep chart like usual and had a 10 minute timer. I feel like I could've been awake the entire time, but it's hard to say. I didn't really feel like I had been sleeping after it went off. Anyway, I did an exercise more intensely to keep myself awake after the timer was up. Clearly, it worked according to the sleep chart. I had another 10 minute timer running to make sure I was awake for at least that amount of time without my mind drifting once. It may have briefly done it towards the end but only for a couple seconds tops and it was almost done anyway. It sucked during that time because I was extra warm from the cardio exercise. I had eventually fallen asleep and woke up from a dream having missed sleep paralysis. I think I ended up setting another 10 minute timer. I don't remember if I was awake the entire time, but I did it a few times and I feel like I had a dream within each one or something. I had a bunch of vague dreams and then I woke up. Within what felt like a minute, I was in another dream already. I even had one telling people I think how quickly it happened. I didn't realize it happened again or I wouldn't have been able to tell them that! When some dreams collapsed, I had some intense sensations almost like sleep paralysis went away within 2 seconds from full to none.

Eventually I had it for real. I focused on relaxing. I didn't really do deep breathing because I tried regular breathing. My legs felt like they were moving and I remember feeling like it tensed while moving. Sleep paralysis only made it another 10 seconds or so after having that tensed feeling. I tried moving it a little but didn't want to overdo it. I should've maybe focused on breathing deeply and even moving my legs a little more if it meant they wouldn't be too tensed anymore. I had doubt about staying in it, but made it like 15 seconds past when I started doubting I'd enter a dream. I didn't even do the eye crossing thing when I maybe should have. When it's close to stopping, that's when I should cross my eyes and make sure I'm breathing deeply and focus through the breath. For the next two days, I'm going to try something different. Tomorrow, I might wake myself up more like usual, then try a 25 minute timer and once that's up, I will have minimal movement and focus on my breathing and the buzzing sensation. I want to see if I can do it kind of like WILD but I start focusing and not tensing when I'm closer to entering REM. I won't be in light for like 45 minutes before entering REM. It'll be much shorter because I can drift off and then start maintaining awareness after the timer is up, also without lying still and potentially tensing up unconsciously. Sunday, I will try the thing where I get into a trance and still notice when the rollover signal happens. I will then set a 10 minute timer after slowly getting comfortable again. That will bring me closer to when REM happens and maybe I can do it with minimal rollover signal and a longer REM period similar to WILD itself. We'll have to wait and see.
