# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I'm not sure if today was really worth reporting. I got to bed pretty late because of visiting with family. I had a pretty good conversation about lucid dreaming with my brother, who is currently focusing on MILD to increase the chances of having a DILD ultimately. Even though we got to bed late, they ended up having a DILD, probably from sleeping in. Anyway, I naturally woke up a little before the 5 hour and 40 minute alarm would have woken me up. I checked my sleep chart. From the looks of it, it looked like REM was going to happen pretty soon. It took around the same amount of time it would have taken regardless (about an hour). I'm guessing there is sort of a diminishing return point for the amount of deep sleep there is. Since I had quite a bit of deep sleep prior, it probably didn't contribute much to how soon REM happened. I don't really know. This is just part of my experiment. I woke myself up around 10 minutes later as it looked like REM was really close at the time. I guess having a significant amount of deep sleep can be a factor, but not if it's just a little. I think that's really all I did. I did have some dreams, but none were lucid obviously. I had a dream related to what we were talking about. We were talking about potentially making a Minecraft lucid dream mod since we plan to have a world together soon on the computer with version 1.7.10. I kept thinking about how much I wanted to go through a lapis lazuli portal on Minecraft, probably because it's my favorite color. I had a dream relevant to that and eventually became part of the game itself probably when going through the portal. Things didn't work right, like when using a crafting table, I had multiple items stacked, but when placing in the inventory, they were no longer stacked. I had to make room and stuff, so that was a struggle.

Anyway, I guess I will try tomorrow even if bed time isn't that great. I will try to have a regular WILD and remember to count the time I'm waiting as meditation. I will probably assume around an hour for the first sleep cycle and subtract about 5 minute for each succeeding cycle. I'm hoping to get to bed early enough to where I would have three bed cycles. The first one involves deep sleep, so that one might not be worth messing with. Maybe I could try to get sleep paralysis accidentally that time, and do WILD later when I'm not as likely to get deep sleep. I will try to do it close to an hour later so I can get around deep sleep. I will wake myself up enough so I don't feel super tired and will try focusing on breathing and catching myself when getting into a trance. I don't know. I'm just focusing on trying a bunch of different experiments for myself right now. It definitely helps with regular dream recall, so I'm not complaining about a lack of lucid dreaming working. It could potentially be the other way around if I can figure things out. I could've done it 6 times within a week if I was able to not accidentally wake up or fall asleep during sleep paralysis. If I mixed things up right, I could have quite a lot of it and even have times where I'm in the middle of REM instead of towards the end where there is like 5 minutes left. I'm also trying to fall asleep consciously, which is what I was thinking of trying for at least 15 minutes tomorrow, especially if I can time my REM cycle right and not have to wait very long.
