# Failed Attempt

I failed today. Unfortunately,  bed time was around the same time as last night. It's only unfortunate because I wanted to get to bed about an hour earlier and try to stick to it. I guess I'm going to try that again tonight. My work load should allow it. Anyway, I think I naturally woke up around a cycle earlier than yesterday. I took a melatonin yesterday, but it feels more like I took it today, even though I didn't! Being consistent with sleep schedule is probably more effective than taking melatonin supplement! The ringing happened as usual, but I found it isn't as bad if I breath deeply at until I get into a trance and pay attention to it as much as possible. It didn't happen as much and I fell asleep focusing on it! Apparently, it can be a meditation point! I don't know if it was really meditation, but it's good enough for what we're trying to achieve (falling asleep). I'm not going to be one of those people who defines meditation. I'd consider it that just because I was focusing on that until going to sleep.

I woke up about a cycle earlier than I was expecting with the 5 hour and 40 minute smart alarm. I started around that time. I was unbelievably tired! I got up to check my sleep chart. Well, I grabbed my phone while in bed until I had motivation to get up a little, or I would not remember the timer going off. I actually did two alarms one minute apart from each other. I don't really remember it going off. Maybe I should be semi-tired when going to sleep and not super tired. I did a 30 minute one. I was awake for two minutes, but don't remember any of that happening. I had deep sleep before REM, so that probably didn't help. I was expecting it to be about a half hour before having REM, but realistically, it was an hour. Kind of weird the first cycle is now around an hour. I guess I will have to assume that's what it will be now or something. Realistically, I should probably be taking a break until I get things figured out, but I want to keep trying. I can't tell if I eventually had REM rebound or if I only had 8 minutes of light sleep before the next REM cycle. Then it was around 38 minutes. My sleep cycles are super unpredictable, so maybe I will assume around a half hour each time. I tried catching myself getting into a trance, but I must've forgotten again. Maybe I need to focus on thinking about something specific if I'm going to do that and catch myself when I'm not doing that anymore. I don't know. I will have to get up earlier tomorrow, so maybe I will use my sleep chart again to predict about how long it will take, or just assume a half hour maybe not super early.
