# Failed Attempt

I failed today. I got to bed even later, like when I near an all-nighter sometimes. I was visiting with my brother about lucid dreaming and stuff again. I naturally woke up quite a bit before my alarm would have gone off. I was almost thinking of just forgetting about it for today. I decided to try something casually. I knew that it would be about an hour before going into REM naturally. I could see it wouldn't happen for a while. I decided to try setting a 55 minute timer with my app, and then catch myself getting into a trance and hope for an opportunity. I missed, but I had a brief lucid dream. I even happen to remember one of the first things I wanted to try. I was hoping to hear a song in a way that would give me goose bumps. It sounded regular and didn't really have that effect. I think the dream collapsed and turned into another one where I lost lucidity during that process. I only had time for 1 cycle essentially. I'm now at a point where I can get back on track. I think what I will do to achieve that is go to bed near the time I want to without taking melatonin since I have to get up a little early and want to have weird effects of remembering dreams nearly every sleep cycle with it. That tends to happen when going to bed much earlier than usual. I will try it the following night like an hour earlier than the first time I did it! I might combine that with trying to have a WILD or at least a WILD from dream initiated sleep paralysis based on what my sleep chart reports tomorrow with timings. Tomorrow, I will just wake up naturally when I would do wake back to bed and just not do it so I can easily see the starting point and have something similar the following day. More explanation when that happens.
