# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis at least three times today. There is a possibility that it happened four times. I honestly lost track because my high dream recall today made it really hard to keep track of. I remember I kept waking up from REM multiple times and it felt like I was about to get it, but it might've just been post-atonia barely happening. I would feel intense tingling in my chest, etc. and that's all that really happened for a few seconds. I did not succeed with a WILD once again because I prolonged the process. I'm really going to try concentrating hard on not doing that, even if it means doing what I would do when first getting up and waking myself up later without actually getting out of bed. I believe this was before any of them were happening. I remember when I kept "waking up" from it at the end of REM probably, I kept waking up every half hour with a decent amount of dream recall! I think I had at least two lucid dreams if I remember correctly. I probably should've journaled right away, but I might not have fallen asleep as quickly or had as many dreams as I currently recall, but I'm still glad I did what I did because I'm not making myself nearly as miserable trying to do it. I feel like directly being in tune with it at least while being able to fall asleep as quickly as possible seems to have the best dream recall, assuming deep sleep doesn't happen during the process. Even then, it can still be pretty decent sometimes, but it will probably make things a little more miserable than if it was already over with in the first half of the night since it's generally the domain for that. Anyway, the first time I had it, I told myself to stay calm (avoid shocking myself into wakefulness from drifts of awareness) and I was questioning how I would do that with auditory hypnogogia. What I should be doing when that happens is see what doesn't feel natural and try correcting it without worrying about whether any of this will wake me up. I might even just need to take a step back. I did accidentally wake up from that. It might've been the end of REM too with prolonging a previous cycle and throwing everything off. I had dreams when my sleep chart reported light sleep by the way, so I was probably dreaming quite a bit more than my sleep chart reported. I also remember thinking I was awake when I believe I was having dreamless sleep. I was expecting sleep paralysis to at least happen then, but it didn't. It's not worth overthinking this because it will create a mental mess that won't lead to lucidity or anything.

The second time I actually had it (or maybe even third or fourth if some of those other similar ones to tingling only count), I accidentally woke up because I found myself having an intense urge to swallow and trying to resist that. I think I should've just done it. Whatever feels unnatural, even that, I should try to make it feel natural rather than doing nothing about it and waking up instead. I would wake up anyway doing nothing, so I might as well do something. I've tried DEILDs, but I don't think any of them worked, or I lost awareness and maybe slipped into a dream sooner than I thought. Anyway, the most recent one (possibly forgetting other experiences in between) was the most interesting. I felt on the verge of waking up again, but I decided to take a leap of faith this time and try seeing if I can move my hand/arm. It felt mostly paralyzed (which I never notice as I never try doing this), but I felt like I could still move it somewhat. I'm not sure if it actually moved, but it felt like it. It got rid of that feeling that I was going to wake up! I need to have that leap of faith and not care if I wake up or not. That's actually what might help more than anything and why yesterday's first experience worked so well. Anyway, I didn't move it more than necessary and avoided shocking myself into wakefulness, and next thing I knew, I had transitioned into a dream! If I was moving, I think as far as my dreaming mind was concerned, I was interacting with the dream, even though it wasn't formed or even there yet. I think that's why I didn't wake up from that. I also believe I tried sitting up in the same way or it was more imagined and I was sitting up in the dream! I could tell because the time was fuzzy at first, and then became clear and it was obvious it wasn't accurate! That dream actually went on for a little while! I got to see my cat even though he's dead and he talked and understood me too! That isn't part of my dream goal, but once again, I got to explore something I've been wanting to explore. There was a problem that occurred in the dream, but it's kind of personal, so I won't share details, but there was one part where other people were involved and I was telling them I'm dreaming right now and have stuff to do, but fine, I'll take part in this since you asked nicely, etc. If I'm lucid enough, I should know that I have no social obligations within the dream. Anyway, when I'm in doubt, I'm going to try gently moving without shocking myself into wakefulness and that might help big time! This is after I visualized movement like I usually do. I really just need to remember that I don't actually need to do anything special
