# Successful Attempt

I had sleep paralysis today! It didn't happen in the way you would expect though. What happened was I tried what I did last Friday with a 10 minute timer, than 20 seconds of cardio before going back to sleep and setting another 10 minute timer in which I would keep my mind awake the entire time. Then I go back to sleep, which may take a little bit. I was expecting to have a few dreams within an hour like I did last Friday. My REM cycles were shorter unfortunately and only one, probably because I've been catching up on sleep because of how I was failing the past few days unintentionally catching up on sleep. I did 10 seconds of cardio the second time, but the same thing happened as the first time. I had a short dream before I woke up and briefly realized I was dreaming. I was using my computer and had the feeling I could control it with my mind. Sure enough! It also involved my cuckoo clock and using dream commands controlling it. That dream ended quickly though with no sleep paralysis.

After falling asleep again, I had another dream also taking place at home and had a brief realization before waking up. I still couldn't tell whether I was awake or not. I remember kind of having a feeling of crossing my eyes to keep sleep paralysis going. That's all I remember. I may have had it twice today, but that is the only moment I remember the first time if it happened at all. For the last attempt around 9, I set an alarm and tried the snoozing method. It didn't work, but after answering my alarm, I had a split second buzz in my head. I fell back to sleep quickly. When I had a dream, it was vague and when it ended, I had sleep paralysis for only a couple seconds. I think I was going to wake up anyway and usually my body starts gradually vibrating, but it was fully vibrating and then stopping. My alarm literally started going off within a second of waking up! If I had stayed in sleep paralysis, I would have been able to be in it again while the alarm was going off! Maybe I'll have more days like that! I was apparently in light sleep while having a dream and sleep paralysis. Either it was an inaccurate measurement or it can happen in a deep light sleep sometimes.
