# Successful Attempt

I witnessed sleep paralysis once today! I didn't try getting it at all! I haven't even been trying to lucid dream lately because I am currently on vacation changing time zones all the time and have to get up a few hours earlier than I'm used to. I'm definitely enjoying the vacation because I can take a break from things in life. I tend to be a workaholic, but I've been trying my best to avoid that during vacation. I did work on parts of some projects, but I've been minimizing it the past few days. I've still got about a week before going back home, so I will try not to work on stuff, but I'm working on this now. Another good thing is that I've been going to bed earlier as well, like before midnight on most nights (at least in the time zone I'm currently in). My sleep rhythm took a little to get adjusted, but now I'm naturally waking up around 4:30 with pretty decent dream recall! Same with the cycle after that. I usually get up that following cycle around 6:30. The earlier bed time compensates for that. Obviously, I would love to sleep in more, but I like doing this right now. Anyway, I think I only got sleep paralysis today because I was recalling my dreams as I went back to sleep. I randomly woke up before going to REM I think because I had a window open, which was making me freeze and I also remembered a parasomia (non-REM) episode I had where I thought I lost something and eventually went back to sleep. My family is with me and they said I also spoke another language fluently (I don't know other spoken languages fluently, but I know a little German and am still practicing basic words, but am by no means, fluent). I don't think it was German. I don't know enough words to even say some basic sentences yet. Ironically, we stayed at an Area 51 inn (Aleinn) and my brother also had a sleep-talk parasomia a couple hours later about saying to look at the moon even with his sleep mask on! We were stargazing before bed and there wasn't a visible moon last night ironically. The chances of us both doing that are very slim! We calculated the odds based on our statistics (with me doing it way more) and the chances of us both doing it are far less than 1 percent! Anyway, I think sleep paralysis happened because I woke up at 4:30 doing dream recall, freezing, and realizing my parasomia episode as I was going to sleep.

I had some relatively vivid dreams earlier than I normally do and was recalling a bunch of details. I had some more vivid dreams as well following that when I finally fell asleep. At the end of the last one, I woke up with a false awakening and thought I accidentally turned on my razor (on my bed for the trip) and tried quickly turning it off to not wake anyone else. It turned off over the course of like 6 seconds. It's supposed to be instant. I then snapped into sleep paralysis. Ironically, I was talking to a family member about it within the dream and how having a mixed up sleep schedule can cause atonia misfirings. They woke up with a few seconds of that supposedly before actually waking up with auditory hallucinations like I have. I've woken up hearing a hallucination of a fire alarm, a car honking, etc. I think the cycle naturally ended, but sleep paralysis lasted a couple seconds longer than it should have and probably caused those hallucinations. I told them when we get back home, it will stop as the sleep schedule becomes more consistent. I don't think they are experiencing this in real life, but if they were, that would be the situation.

Of course, I actually have sleep paralysis shortly after that dream happened. It was weird because I was just lying there thinking about sleep parlysis. Within a few seconds, I realized it was actually happening! The pulsing sensation started out relatively quick, stopped for a few seconds, did it a couple times very slowly, then sped up when I had the realization. It was weird just thinking about it and actually having it happen. I don't know if I mentioned last time, but I told Daniel Love in the telegram chat (become a member of Lucid Dream Portal) my situation of breathing to help make it longer and stuff. He said the best thing to do is to do nothing. It's important to focus on anything other than the body and breathing, which makes sense because we're effectively detaching from our body and entering the world of the mind. He also said IMP or Dreamwalker can be performed during that time. He invented those techniques for having a Wake Initiated Lucid Dream. That's what I focused on this time, or at least tried to. It only lasted about 10 seconds unfortunately. When I realized it was actually happening, my first thought was let's do this! I was focusing on breathing out of habit and shifted my attention away from that to the pulsing sensation. I noticed visual hypnogogia of a slot-machine type thing with numbers changing on it. I bet it was there the entire time, but I didn't notice because I was focusing on my body. Anyway, as soon as I move away from my body, I start noticing intense pressure and tingling on the right side of my stomach and rib-cage. I was lying on my left side. I've never noticed that before! It was just like the pressure I was feeling in my head last time! It felt like I was being intensely tickled in that area. I was trying to prevent that from being what wakes me up, but unfortunately, that's when I woke up. It was really hard for me to avoid reacting to that ticking feeling. I usually don't notice tingling, but did that time. The pulsing sensation around that time actually went to like 10 times per second! Weird considering how slow it just was. That's when the feeling got intense. Unfortunately, I forgot to try pretending I was asleep to see if I could make it come back like I've done before. I got up for the day since it happened to be around 6:30 at the time. Even though it was 7:30 at my normal time zone, I think that was the earliest I've ever had that, especially unplanned. Once again, that split-second adrenaline rush caused problems, this time from the tickling. I woke up shivering to the window being cold, so I'm sure that's what ultimately caused that feeling.

What should I have done differently? I have no idea, but I have a plan. I wrote a message for Daniel Love again and will probably send it if he's in the Telegram Friday after the livestream and I have signal. Last time, it was about 6 PM for me, which means it was about 1 in the morning for him. I'm going to try avoiding a late time like that because it's late for him and he didn't have time to give a more in-depth reply because it was horrendously late. Anyway, I hope his response will be helpful for getting out of the habit of focusing on breathing and how I should have dealt with today's situation, etc. Since I can focus on breathing and will be fine for at least 40 seconds, I think I will focus on that for a little longer and gradually shift my attention away from my body instead of suddenly. I also remembered today that if I practice breathing not very deeply (naturally during sleep paralysis), I tend to get the adrenaline rush even not in sleep paralysis. I tried practicing and it was so hard to fight the urge to breathe deeper. It's the same rate as I was breathing during sleep paralysis pretty much. If I can practice suppressing that feeling for a couple minutes straight no matter how tempting, I think that will help me not worry about breathing rate. I practiced a little today and got better as I kept doing it. I just need to make sure the urge prevents the rush or at least greatly reduces it so I don't wake up. I bet I would have visual hypnogogia always if I focus on it. Even if I don't, it makes sense to focus on the nothingness or whatever thoughts happen to be going through my head at the time. The time I had audio hallucinations even after physically moving my head, I think it's because I was really calmly doing this and was avoiding the adrenaline rush despite moving. The point is, it didn't stop even after the sleep paralysis sensations stopped probably because I was supposed to be in a dream by then, but was focusing on my body, so that's where I was. I'm also better off doing nothing than the wrong thing, so I should never freak out trying to remember what I have to do. I'm not going to do anything until I think it through since I'll probably be fine until then. Next time, I will do nothing, think things through, if I focus on breathing, do that and gradually shift my attention and not suddenly like today, and focus on either the darkness, any hypnogogia, or whatever my thoughts happen to be, which are super random. I will remember to suppress my feelings to avoid the adrenaline rush like I used to in the past.

I'm also thinking of trying to fall asleep consciously whenever I wake up from parasomia or within the first couple hours of sleep. My first REM cycle tends to be within minutes of that! I think it depends on how tired I am and whether or not I naturally respond to the rollover signal while awake. I should try to ignore it properly. I think it would be really cool to have a WILD within my first REM cycle when this happens because I heard the first dreams tend to be the most stable. I feel more confident being able to succeed next time just doing this alone! I won't try to induce sleep paralysis until after I get home. Generally, no one should do that, but since it's easy for me, I choose to do that since I figured out how. I'm really excited, but I will have to hold that excitement, or I have nothing to be excited about. Unfortunately, that's how it works with dreaming. I used to be able to not get excited until after I woke up from a dream initiated by that.
